When I was in my unk , I had the first patient patient .
I was in college , and I studied psychology psychology .
She was an unk woman called unk .
When I was in the first meeting , she was unk , and she went to a unk , and she went to the unk in my office , her
And when I heard that , I was unk .
My unk got a unk than a patient .
And I got a woman in the unk who were talking about boys .
I 'll get it , I thought .
But I do n't have it .
With the funny stories that I had to do with the story , it was kind of just for me to do with the head of unk , when we
" 30 years is " 20 , " I said , and I was able to have the unk , she was right .
It was later , later , later , later , later , the death came later .
People in the church and I did n't have time .
But soon , I 'm looking at my unk , " unk unk in question .
I thought about it .
I said , " Yes , you know , they 're talking about men in their own time , but they sleep with a unk , but she 's not
And I said , " Do n't say , " No , but maybe it 's the next one .
And it 's the best time to wonder about unk marriage , who before she died . "
That 's what 's called a unk call .
That was the moment that I realized that was not the new 20 20 years .
Yeah , the people who were going to be later later unk , but it did not just unk the unk ' 80s .
This was " unk . "
There was me to realize that this kind of unk unk was a serious problem with real consequences . It was just unk for her and her , but for
At that time , there 's 50 million people in the ' 80s .
We talk about about 15 percent of the population , or 100 percent , if you think that nobody 's going to be lost without the unk .
unk , if you 're in your unk .
I want to show you some of you .
Oh , yeah , you 're all of you .
If you want to do with someone in the kitchen , you do n't know what to do in the sky , I want to look at you ... --
I mean , in fact , people are in the ' 80s , because I think that every single one of these 50 countries have said , " unk ,
This is not my life . That 's the facts .
We know that 80 percent of the moments moments in the age of 35 years .
That means that eight of 10 decisions , of course , of course , are unk , and the experience of your life , they do what it 's about
Do n't even if you 're about 40 .
This group will be fine , I think .
We know that the first 10 years ago , a unk effect has done how much money will .
We know that 30 years more than half of the Americans are or married with the future , or a different relationship .
We know that the brain is going to be the second last year , and we think about the brain , and what it means is what 's going to
We know that the personality itself in the other way , as soon as soon in the life and the people who are talking about the 50 percent of the
In the case , you should have unk around the body and their own possibilities .
If we think about the city of a child , we know that the first five years of unk and unk is in the brain .
It 's the time , in the normal world , a life impact on the future .
But we hear a little bit about that there 's something like adults -- and that we have a time for more time .
But the people are not going to hear .
The press was talking about unk unk .
scientists are going to call a unk .
Now , of course , I believe in unk unk people in the unk like " unk " or " unk . "
That 's true .
As a culture , we 've got the unk , which is now the last decade for the 19th century .
unk unk said that big things have to do with a plan and something else .
Right ?
So what happens when you 're going to tell someone in your mind , and you say , " Do you get 10 years later , something about your life
Not nothing .
This man is the unk and unk , and it has n't done anything .
And so , come to every day , a few interesting interesting people in the way they like , or like my daughters and three to me , in my
Or they say , " Well , say , I 've been able to do with 30 years ago , my career , everything is good . "
But later , it seems like , " My unk are almost over and I have nothing .
I had a better than when I went to college . "
And then after that , it was like , " I 've been looking like the journey of unk . "
All of the streets and they were fun , but it was about 30 feet of music , and everybody started to walk down .
I did n't want to be the best , and I sometimes sometimes , I 've got my husband because he was in my unk ' 80s . "
Where are people in the unk ?
The power is not .
OK , that 's the way to say , but it does n't make a mistake , because it 's all very much .
And if there was a lot of unk in the unk , we 've got a huge amount of pressure in the early process , a city , a city
Many of these things are going on , and as well , we 're just looking at unk and unk in all the time .
The unk unk unk crisis is not to buy a red bed .
It means that you can do the career you do n't want .
And to notice that you do n't have to be able to do that , you know , or not a kid .
For many people in the United States and unk , looking at me and said , " What did I do ? What did I think about ? "
I want to change the people who are thinking about it .
This is a story that shows how it can happen .
It 's the story of unk .
unk came in my office when she was 25 years old , because they did what they did , it was a unk .
She said , she would like to be in the art of art , or he was in the morning , but they did n't even have , so she
Because it was cheaper , she lived with her friends , who would be more than his father .
And even though they were living , they were almost much worse .
She died in the morning , but then they took it , and she said , " Your family do n't you , but your friends . "
One day came up with a very dead day , and she died almost all the hour .
She had a pair of bought , and they spent all of these morning , and they had a lot of them , but they were looking at the empty
She was almost when she looked at me , and she said , " Who will come to me when I had a car accident ?
Who gets me when I was cancer ? "
In the moment , I had to focus on not to say , " I know . "
But I did n't need a unk , which was really really about it .
unk needed a better life , and I knew it was my chance .
I 've been able to be able to speak to my first patient unk , just to watch , like unk unk in the unk decade .
In the next couple of weeks , and months , I had three unk , who everyone else , no matter , or a man , he should .
One , I said , " she would n't have a unk , and they were looking for a unk .
So I wanted to tell them something that they would have .
unk , what you 're going to do for an investment , has to do what you want to be next .
I did n't know anything about unk unk , and nobody knows how the future of the work looks , but I know , is unk .
So now , this is the time for this international job , this unk , this is the unk , who 's trying to try to do this .
I 'm not the unk of the morning , but they do n't count that they do n't have to be unk .
This is unk .
I said , " unk unk , but what 's going on .
Secondly , I said , " unk unk is unk .
Good friends are around to go to the airport , but the other people in the way they think they 're talking about it , who they know what they
This new piece of this new person is going to be unk from outside of your own .
New things come from . " unk unk , " from friends , friends of friends .
It 's true for half of the United States or not .
But the other half , it 's not the weak weak and they have it .
Half of the trees do n't have been published when you look at the head of your neighbors , you do n't have a job job .
That 's not a reason . That 's how it means information .
The last one , thank you , you could n't get the family , but the friends .
This was true for her when she was growing up , but when she looked at their own family , when they had a partner and a family family .
I told her the time , a new family family would be .
You might think that it 's going to be 30 or better than 20 or 25 , and I agree with you .
But if you do with you , or you live in your life , if everyone on Facebook Facebook is not progress .
The best time to think about your marriage , is , before you have a problem , and it means , in fact , in the love of your love
Your family , unk , and remember what you do , and not because it works , or someone with the time you had to do .
So what happened with ?
We went to her home , and they found the unk of one in the other state in a museum in a museum .
This is a robot that he had to do a work .
This unk gave them the reason for her friend , who lived with her .
Now , five years later , she 's like unk unk .
It has a man , she was aware .
She wants her to his career , and her new family , and she gave me a map , in the World , " Well , that 's the line
There 's a story like this , and it would be simple , but it 's what I think of myself .
It 's so easy to help them .
unk are like unk unk , which is the airport , and finally , to go to the West .
Just to go back to a smaller , you can make the difference if you 're going to fly in Boston or unk .
This is true for unk , unk unk , or unk , a good conversation , a great leader , an idea , an unk can have a huge impact
This is an idea that all of you should have to do that , you know .
It 's so easy to say what I said .
I have the privilege to look like this morning , like every day , who says , " The future are not going to go to the new 80s ,
You do n't know what you do n't know , or not done .
You 're going to decide about your life .
Thank you .
In the entire system , it was our goal , and the relationship between the digital and the information that we can change between the world between the world and
And this area has been smaller , and it 's smaller and smaller , and it 's actually a smaller than the size of a unk , and computers are
But I asked myself what it would be if there was not a national market .
I looked at how it would look like .
First of all , I 've been able to use this tool that is in the digital world , if you look at the screen , you can see the
Some of them can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to look at
So with this tool , the foundation was the unk .
But our hands are still outside of the screen .
How do we use unk , with the digital information , and how do we use all of our hands ?
In Microsoft , I sat together with my unk unk unk , the computer unk and a small space on the keyboard in a digital computer .
And this is that a signal and a screen screen and the unk of unk and his face , you can put your hands on the keyboard , in the
There 's a unk and a position in an actual place in the actual room , you can take it so easy to make a book from one on the
And then you can go through this book , and unk lines , and all of these things are going to be able to do all the colors in the
You can build their models with their hands and two .
So in these two examples , we are in the digital world .
But how would it happen if we were going to look at the same time and the digital information ?
Of course , many of you have a experience of doing this online online , buy online .
But now you have to worry about it .
Here I have a online online unk . "
This is what you 're going to get through a head on your head or unk , if the system is the geometry of our bodies .
So this idea of unk , I started thinking about the unk , not just in the room , but they 're going to do it , so we can
How would that look like this ?
In MIT , I 've been working with my unk unk and my unk unk , a unk .
Well , in this case , in this case , it 's like a three - dimensional unk in our world , and that means that the computer , as
In fact , we 've got the gravity , and we 're moving through the unk , through the unk , the unk , and this unk .
By the way we can create the network of the code , we are able to move through the laws of space , and we 've been able to move
So , for example , there are unk unk long as well , or " unk , " and you can go back to the real world .
unk students can use this complex , like unk and physics , and in different ways or unk , and this is a real and experience , and you can
And even more than one thing we 've done in the computer , we 've got to think about how the laws of the world , we are living in
As you can be able to be able to be digital digital , we do n't just want to show us something , but we start to be able to
Today , we started started by talking about the borders , but when we go to the edge of the edge , the only part of our imagination is our
Thank you .
I was two years later , to unk a unk , unk in China , China in the 1970s .
When I was in the first grade , I wanted to go to the government for school , every day .
But my mother said , " No . "
My parents wanted me to be like how I 'm going .
After they had the revolution , they thought it was that the only way to get a safe and good job .
It 's not important if I do the job , or not .
But my dream was to be a Chinese company .
This is me , like me , when I 'm going to play my play .
One of them has been very early with the unk training , so I 've tried to try to change the unk .
I asked myself to the unk and unk unk .
But the adults , my eyes .
The adults did n't think it was serious about it .
Only my friends were taught me , but they were also children , as I was like myself .
And with 15 years ago , I knew I was old to start with training .
My dream would never be true .
I was scared that I would tell the rest of my life in a lifetime of choice .
But that 's so serious .
So I had to go into the head of a different way .
No one thing to teach me about it ?
So I went to books .
I 'm unk unk unk unk unk with this book about a unk and unk , " unk unk of the family of unk unk , " I found my
[ " unk unk unk " [ " ] of the story from " unk unk , " I went to the United States , and the books I read
Of course , books books in China .
" The good Earth is one of the people in the United States .
And that 's not just as a colleague .
The Bible is interesting , but strange .
But this is a subject for another time .
But the rest of the city gave me a kind of unk , " You know your father and your mother . "
" EDI , " I thought , " That 's so much better than unk . "
That was my way to me , to be able to unk from the unk and to the relationship to my parents .
Through the unk with a new culture , I started with reading reading .
This is a lot of feedback .
And I found this for the first one of these two years ago , because there 's a lot of students in this village .
It never came to me in China , not China in the world .
So a map says something about the personal view .
It 's not a new thing about physics .
In the study world , it 's a unk .
There are even unk unk unk unk and unk unk .
It allows us to create a huge understanding of science .
So I thought , when I read reading reading in the work , why not even in the daily life ?
So I started to write two books around the same time .
You can go from people , " unk " from " unk of " unk , " He said , " David said , " David said , " David
[ " ] , " I said , " unk from " unk " -- " Life " -- as a " unk " from unk unk unk , I
In unk , the United States , economic and political nature .
In the United States , all of the nature of nature said , " fear and social .
If you have a unk language , it 's fun to see the language in two languages .
[ " unk " for a unk " unk " unk unk , " and the water of the water -- the unk of the unk " unk " ]
For example , it 's true for me to realize that , of course , of course , " happiness in " unk " unk " unk " means "
" unk , " It means " unk . "
unk are on me as a magic trick , and I have a connection to the human beings and present .
I know I 'm never going to be unk or unk .
It 's not a dream dream that I have nothing to do with a lot of different things .
I 've got to believe that it 's not the only one of a rule of truth .
His goal is that it is to us , to make our dreams where our dreams and our happiness come from .
Even a dream of dream can be able to do this .
Because of books , I 'm here today , happy , back to me in a life , and with a look at the most time .
unk books are with you .
Thank you .
Thank you .
Thank you .
When I was eight years old , there was a new girl in the class , and she was so amazing as so many girls are still .
She had a long time , and a little bit of unk , it was good in unk and unk .
In this year , I went back to unk , until I had a plan plan .
So , I had a little bit more about the school , much longer , and I felt in the unk .
When the air air , I came out of the classroom , and I took the unk from the unk .
And then I did .
I have the unk of my unk , just a few things .
All right .
When I wrote the book , I wanted to tell a few of the other things I have had a good music .
So I 'm in unk all the unk , without any imagination .
I had all the rest of me and I had myself , because I had all the time .
I 'm still unk about my behavior .
I do n't understand where you thought .
I do n't understand why I feel so good .
I felt pretty good .
I do n't understand why I never got it .
It was so obvious .
I never did .
But most of me , I mean , why did I feel so that this little girl was so good ?
unk unk me .
It 's so unk .
We know that babies are suffering from suffering .
It 's like most of us . unk are natural unk .
We know that the reason for the unk of unk in the U.S.
But I never read a study , which gave me an artist , or their unk unk .
That 's why we need to look at the literature , because the universe was in the lab , which was in all sorts of forms in all sorts of
Is it a kind of thing to say that if we could n't have a unk , we could n't have literature ?
So no unk , no unk . "
There 's no King , " I 've been unk from unk . "
unk .
There are the unk of the U.S. schools , because we lose , " unk and unk , " The big " unk , " unk , " unk ,
There was no unk , I did n't know . I know that it has to go into a revolution that says that the answer to all the same thing
And this year , we 're going to see 200 200 unk of his unk on the back to the time , and unk unk and the unk of the
Let 's think , " Are we thinking about emotions ? "
We think about the young guys who are trying to sleep .
We think about a piece of paper , in unk tea .
We forget how his vision was vision .
We forget , like unk .
These are books in France , like unk unk .
I do n't know like unk , but we say , it 's amazing .
So let 's look at the why and the unk and the unk , and the unk and so good .
Is it so obvious that , in terms of the person -- hope -- it 's such a huge foundation of a story ?
I do n't know . I think it 's hard to work , because you 're thinking about what happens when we 're unk .
If we are , we tell a story .
Let 's tell us about the lives of the other people , and they do things that we feel bad because they are so that we are bad .
And when the story of the audience and the audience we know , the details of it has to be able to get the knife in the paper , right
In fact , all of us , unk , unk , and knew how it was made .
The first thing , " unk in the world , " in the World War , " one of the unk , remember , in fact , he talked about
All of them , they 've got to me and what makes me joy , and someone else would feel even more of that moment . "
This is the story that he told me , and he wrote about his unk , the unk of new new cultures that he was in his unk , his
We 've got to argue that there 's unk and unk .
unk friends would have to go to the land if they would have to do with them .
But you do n't have to be able to get to work that it 's hard to work , right ?
unk is unk .
It 's a unk feeling that has to be .
What 's the response ?
unk information .
unk unk .
In unk , long as long and unk , unk unk .
unk has pictures .
That 's why it 's also successful .
Basically , the unk is the language of science and science .
When the unk unk unk , suddenly , on the door and the unk of his unk , he unk this behavior .
He says , " You might think that this is a little bit of unk , but it 's not something else , a text text , or look at
He says , " There 's scientific science with unk . "
Now , to try to show us that there 's a symbol of unk , and we 're looking at that , but in your mouth , it 's an
unk , unk , unk -- that 's for the path of wisdom .
He says , " A woman , who we need to do that , and we have a larger and a range of human emotions as a genius that we
Tell him about what we should say about women ?
No . I think he 's going to tell us that we have something about ourselves .
Is there a different sense that we are in this particular way ?
unk other things that we have to do with our light and our unk ?
unk us a little bit of feeling like this ?
unk should be writing about this .
One day came from a very young young man who came from thinking about his wife .
And he says , " He 's a strange thing because he does n't even look at what his wife . "
Because they 're unk , and everybody knows .
The poor village is unk .
Instead , he 's looking for the story , the woman does n't realize it , so unk behavior behavior .
unk them to be very , or she 's unk with a man ?
[ unk ] says that the man comes to the unk of his wife .
The novel is very good at this point .
The universe is very good , like unk unk , not exactly the same .
Because the more unk we are , the more we are going to do it .
And so , I think that there 's not why we 're not trying to protect them , or illegal things .
And it led to us to be very creative .
And I 'm thinking about eight years ago , but I think about the story I 've heard the news .
A unk woman was from unk unk , because she had a book called " The Facebook page " was a year - old unk , unk on his own
A whole year .
She tried it to the first friend of their friend 's friends in the shoes , and I 'm going to listen to , when I heard that , I
Because ...
What does it mean , in unk , creativity ? Right ?
This is something from a novel .
This is something from a novel from unk unk .
unk is one of my unk .
It 's the unk and unk woman in the American literature .
Of course , she 's " unk " in the unk , " and the " Mr. unk , " book , " books , " books all of the
Take unk , unk unk .
First of all , you may be , and she said , " You 've got it , you know , and she said , if you had , and
This is a method .
But what are we going to do ? We ca n't like it to be like God .
I ca n't do all the world in the world , if I 'd like to go to a few days .
It 's a shame , because we live in a unk time .
We live in a unk unk unk .
We are all of the citizens of the human media , which is the currency of the currency , right ?
Let 's see the universe ? I 'm not sure .
Let 's do what I do n't know if they 're not sure if they are in their unk .
Let 's go to unk unk and unk , after unk .
Think about the people , they think about his unk as a professor , who had this genius .
But I also said , " unk unk , " The unk of unk , with the face of the face of the rat , the needs of course ,
That 's me like this .
So , he needs to be able to do it , and it 's unk and unk in the stories of unk .
But when they 're working together , it starts to change something , and then finally , in the New York , " unk unk , and all of the
We are proud of you . "
And he gave him something that it would n't have to be unk in the unk , who did n't want to keep the hand .
This is one of the last few times that we can see in his stories , and I find this little scene , but very interesting . Right ?
It seems like this is not an emotional , but it 's a special problem .
In a moment , there 's a little bit of light on a different unk .
And in the next moment , they are on a function .
Suddenly , there 's a sense of that genius to this genius , that he gave him before .
Is it really true ?
What if there was only a real problem , if it was just like what we had to do with the other relationship ? "
Maybe we would n't even be unk .
We could use each other .
But I like unk .
While we wait there , we 've never heard about the literature .
unk alone alone .
In fact , alone , they can use them , they take them .
And who 's all there , of course , the good news , of course , " unk unk , " unk , unk unk .
We are in society .
Thank you .
I was about 10 years old , and I went to a unk morning with my father in the unk unk , a unk in the South part of the
It was a beautiful day .
The forest forest .
The sun would look like a glass of water , and if there was no way it would have to be almost , we could get the first people who
We came to our unk .
I saw the village in a unk , and he looked at a unk , beautiful , as a terrible thing .
unk the roof was a unk , maybe unk unk , unk , unk unk , unk unk and a old unk .
I was shocked , I was mad and shame .
The unk were unk , unk unk , which they had -- who they thought , would you get them ?
The question I was , and I unk them .
Who comes to us ?
How do you think about it , or where do we say , who does n't come to us ?
Who else behind us in Rio ? What 's in Paris ?
Here 's in New York , the unk of every day is about 2,000 tons and 2,000 tons of unk .
I wanted to know , as individuals .
I wanted to understand the job .
How is it a unk , and to make this unk ?
So I started a research with them .
I went to the river , the unk and unk , and in people , and in all of the city , I learned a lot , but I was
I had to go deeper .
So I took a job as a unk .
I did n't just walk with the truck . I went on .
And I built the unk , and I had the snow .
It was an extraordinary privilege and an interesting experience .
Everybody 's asking for yourself .
He 's there , but not like that , you know , and you know , when you think about , it 's really bad , it 's very easy
It 's too hard to do .
I know people who had this time for a few years ago , and the body was still in the weight , which she was in their body , tons
Then there 's the danger .
After all of the unk , the job is in the unk of the 10 jobs in the country , and I learned why .
You 're all around the day every day in traffic , all over time .
All of them , and they do n't save the car cells .
That 's really bad for the workers .
And the waste itself is full of unk , which is unk from the unk and unk .
I also learned about the unk of the food .
If you look at the unk and unk from the back of the city , you can see , as a self is itself .
He does n't listen to .
It 's also like a kind of unk , or unk .
He has to be in movement .
And then there 's the soul .
You get the unk , and it 's invisible , or someone -- where the reason is always always -- and it 's because you 're going to keep the
I think that this guy comes from unk because I believe it was that the staff of the most important people in the streets of the city are . That
They are the streets of the public health health .
If they do n't waste the water away from every day , and they would go into the unk of the unk and the unk of the world , we
unk , that we 've been for decades for decades , and we 've been able to change and we need .
The economy .
If we ca n't take the water water , we do n't have a place for the new , the engine of the economy are going to be able to
I do n't believe myself , but I 'm just for the unk .
And then there 's what I want to use the average , unk , every day .
That 's what I 'm just like , as fast as we are moving around today .
We do n't care about our unk , our unk or our drinking water , or clean , or unk .
We take them , they go away , they forget , because they know that there are people on the other side , which is about that .
So , I want to find a few different ways to think about how we can think about the soul , and they 're working in this conversation , like
Your work , I think it 's kind of unk .
You can see the streets every day .
They put in many cities in many cities .
You know when you can expect it .
And their work is doing our work .
They 're like a unk .
The process that you can do , it makes us sure about ourselves , our unk , the unk , and the process has always been going to get to
On the days after 9/11 , after 9/11 , I heard the unk of a street on the street , he had my little son , and he had the
And I tried to work for his work , thank this day days , but I started .
And he looked back to me , and he said , " Everything is good . "
" Everything will be good . "
Only later , I started my research about unk and met the man .
His name is unk , and we worked together , we 've got good friends .
I wanted to believe that I was right .
Everything is fine .
But in our course , we have to change the way that we have to live on this planet as a species , we have all of the cost of
And we need to be able to change the people who have done their experience , as we think about how we think about how we can build sustainability to
unk waste , if we think when we 're talking about , every three percent of the national unk .
It 's a remarkable .
In your life , in the process of your life , if you look at the next time , you get a job , you 're going to keep your
Take a moment .
Hello ?
That 's not enough .
Hello ?
My name is unk unk , and I 'm not home , but my doctor was born .
He took my six - time time in six different parts of unk , and I had a little bit of the tiny water in the air .
That 's why I was unk unk , which means that I do all the time .
Look .
It 's hard . I 'm a unk unk , unk and unk .
unk is not genes .
It 's not a unk . You ca n't get it .
No one who had the mother of my mother unk , and I did n't get because my parents , first of them , they are .
You get it by the way that the day I was born .
I have to give you . I 'm not an artist 's inspiration , and I do n't want you to be able to be able to be able to
Come on with short .
It 's a few days at the University of the mall in your house , looking for a lot , and what you see ?
unk empty unk .
And you think , " Why ca n't I be a little bit ? "
I have to tell you , " I mean , the 99 and the only one is one of them .
If there 's a police of unk , I would buy a gold .
I 'm unk , unk , unk , and I live in New York .
If you do n't feel better than that , I do n't know .
unk park in New York is my city .
I love the fact that my unk and my father had the same .
And I love the fact that I was in my house to New York City , if I wanted to .
A lot of people did n't work , but my parents did n't believe in a way . "
The My father is : " Yes , you can do that ! "
So if my three months of my sisters , I was with them .
If my three sisters in a nurse went to a public school , unk my parents who went to school , and I do n't want to look at all
My father came to me when I was five years ago when he took my foot on his feet , and just unk .
Another part of his unk was a unk of my nose , and I 'll start with it .
My physical unk was very strong , and when -- Yeah . So , in the first day , when I was an unk , who had a lot of
At the time , it was only six years ago in my city and all my family .
Today we have 20 unk in the city , and they are still all my family .
I do n't believe , no one has ever found that we are not proud .
This was on 9/11 , and after all of politicians , they said , " I hate " unk " as unk .
People who were growing up with not a problem with my faith .
They were very , but I had to be able to do it .
I told them that I 've been able to be able to see my three three months ago , so I was able to go from a little bit of
I went to unk unk .
Yeah , unk unk . unk crazy .
My parents could not afford to afford to send me to school .
I learned how to go back to dance , so I can walk on .
And I 'm from here , where it 's really important , it 's been to be unk , as if I was proud of my friends , I was
And when my friends had died in the coast of Los Angeles , I did n't .
I spent my summer in a unk , because my parents said that we were not going to be dead every summer , after a day .
The unk were found out that my father would like to me , so I went back to milk from unk , unk unk , unk in the ocean ,
But we found a unk .
I have to say , it 's really boring , but before I went out , I was a kind of unk -- that I 'm not going to be
Now I can see the head .
My parents told me that I had to be , in fact , that I did n't have a dream dream , and my dream was to go to the
Because of course , I 've got a great unk at the University of the University of college University , because I 'm a unk .
I was like the unk unk unk .
Everybody loved me .
I do n't all unk all of the girls who were so smart kids , and all of my classes , all of my unk , they were all in
Every time , when I start a scene , the " unk " unk , my unk .
But I never got a role .
In my unk unk , he finally got a piece of unk called " unk , " they 're really going to get very slowly . "
A piece of a girl with unk .
I was a girl with unk .
So I 'm everywhere . " Well , I get a role !
I have unk !
unk ! unk !
God thank me , I 'm finally ! "
I got no role .
unk unk had the role .
I went to the unk of the unk , I said , " If I had my cat , and then she asked me why she said , " I
I said , " I 'm sorry , but if I ca n't be able to do that , you can find the character . "
I was built for this part , and they gave them a unk without a unk .
The college is life .
Hollywood is unk , to be able to be able to be unk .
After the end , I went back to home , my first time was in a unk .
My dream was true .
And I knew that I was going to come from " unk " unk " My friends . "
But instead , I was a unk unk , which was just the back of my mind , and I realized that the unk -- not a unk unk ,
They were just a perfect person .
But exceptions , no rule .
I grew up with unk unk , unk unk and unk , and all of these women have had , they were unk .
So I was unk .
My first job was in the famous famous New York City in New York City , and I never will never face the face of the first , I never
I 'm in unk everywhere in the United States , I 've been looking at the Middle East in Arabic , unk and unk .
Some people say I 'm the first unk in the Arab world .
I 'm not like the first one , but I know that she never never heard of the bad guys have heard that women are not funny , and they
In 2003 , I was one of my mother and a mother , unk unk , and I was in New York City unk , which I 've already heard
Our goal was to see the negative of the American American unk in the media , and the same way we were talking about , the South Asia and not
The heart of a lot of much was much easier than the challenge to fight the weight of inequality .
My big technology was 2010 .
I was born as unk in the unk , " unk unk . "
I looked like unk unk , she took me in a studio , and I took a piece of his chair .
So I looked at the unk , and I said , " Sorry , can I have a chair ? "
And she looked at me and said , " five , four , three , two , two , two , two . "
And we were living .
So I had to sit on the table on the table , and so I did n't see the edge of the screen , and when I wrote that ,
And there was my chance , and I had them , and I knew they did n't get me .
But Mr. unk did n't just go back to me , but I had to do a full - day table , and he took my chair .
In the work with a unk , I 've got a little bit of all of the Internet on the Internet .
People say , are dying , but as a kid , and you have never heard about me .
In the World Bank , I am with my life suddenly .
When I look online online , I look like unk , " Hey , why does this ? "
" unk , is " unk ? "
And my favorite , " unk unk unk .
Did them disease ?
We should not pray . "
One of them , in fact , my unk in the unk , unk , unk .
A unk is so visible to see .
If you ca n't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to play , ca n't play a game .
The unk are the biggest -- yes . That 's one hand .
People with men are the most vulnerable in the world and we are the unk in the unk .
The doctors said , " I ca n't walk , but I 'm sitting here .
But I would n't live with social media , I would n't have .
I hope we 're going to create a unk picture of unk in the media and in our lives .
Maybe there were less people in the Internet when there are more positive models .
Or maybe not .
Maybe it 's still a village to get a child .
My journey with me was a very interesting place .
I was able to put on the red red to the next unk star unk unk and the unk unk .
I took them in a film with Adam unk , and with my friend , he had the unk of unk .
I am as a unk with the unk unk , " unk unk around the world .
I was in the unk of New unk New York unk unk in 2008 .
I 've made " unk , " he said , " unk unk , who tried to unk the unk of a chance to give me my parents .
But the moment of the most unk -- before this -- -- the moment , most of the most unk , was the one that I was like a man
That was the only time that my father had a living place -- and I looked at this talk about him .
: God 's in your soul , " God 's God , " My name is unk unk , " If I can be able to do it , you
There was a time , in the big problems .
At the 21st century , in unk , unk unk from the unk of 9/11 and went down to the ocean .
unk and unk were alone , but they were aware of the unk of the unk of a unk , unk unk .
It was the biggest unk in the history of the United States .
So to go to the moon , it 's about 50 billion dollars in the U.S. , or four percent of the unk .
unk has been working for two people , and the groups of thousands of college , university .
People died , the unk of the first one .
But at the end of the moon , there was thousands of the moon .
Of the 12 , the surface of his surface is unk , after death death , the last year is now the oldest .
But why did they go ?
They did n't get much back to the old - old , and a little bit of all of the thousands of hours later -- a new sense of the
Why did they look at unk ? unk , they went to the president of the president who wanted to understand that his nation would have better .
But back to the other words of unk in the University of a university .
For course , was not only one of the United States from the Middle East War .
At that time , it was a sense of a sense of the unk of the unk of technology .
She went to the moon , because it was something about .
The unk was happening in an area of a long series of unk .
From the last half of the 20th century , the unk and the airplane , and a vaccine for polio .
In the middle of the century , there was polio and polio .
Technology would seem to look at what was called unk , " unk unk . "
For the most of the human history , we could n't grow faster than a horse or a boat with a day , but in the year 2000 , the
In 2008 , we had no human beings on the moon .
No one has ever been moving faster than the unk of the 10 10 , and the most of you think of the power of technology , because the big
I remember myself as a unk .
And the third of the son , and my mother saw me not just been able to go into the unk unk of the Saturn sky .
I had an idea that would be the last last year , but I was very much more likely to live in my life on the planet .
The unk was something about our ability to solve big problems with technology .
You hear it everywhere .
We heard it in the last two days .
It comes from something like us , and we had to be unk with unk unk , and things like unk and unk and social media , or algorithms ,
It 's nothing wrong with most of these things .
They have our lives and unk .
But they do n't solve the big problems of humanity .
What is happening ?
There 's a unk explanation from the Silicon Valley , where you 've got there , in the last time , we 've spent more than companies companies have been
In Silicon Valley , you say the markets are in the unk , which are the companies that companies have companies .
unk Valley says that there are moving away from the world of ideas , and they 're going to do more or more problems .
But this explanation is not good enough .
It turns out to me , with Silicon Valley .
Even in their self - unk , they have a little bit of unk unk , at least a high level of unk in the decade of 10 years ago
unk had always been able to invest in terms of energy energy , which has a huge unk , and the development of unk , and has never been able
No , the reason why we do n't need a big problem , or more complicated and more .
Sometimes we 're not aware of the big problems .
We could go to Mars , when we want .
In fact , it actually has a plan .
But to Mars , we have to have a political change of public and why it never happen .
We 're not going to look at Mars , because it 's going to be able to see that there are on the Earth of all of the things that
Another time we can do n't have the big problems , because our political system fail .
Today , there are less than two percent of the energy on the Earth , like unk , and wind , less than two percent , and the reason is
unk , natural gas gas is solar than solar , and wind and oil is more than unk .
We all want to be more natural resources , unk unk , but it does n't exist .
Well , this is the unk , unk and unk , in fact , all of the same questions they 've come about , the national national and international international
But in the political climate crisis , there is no hope that the future of the United States or the United States , and the international institutions are going to
Sometimes there are tough problems that unk , and it was n't like that .
It was a long time to find that there was the failure of food .
But 30 years later , we have taught us to have the political political crisis , the effects of the effects of the effects .
Technology can do things like cars , like unk and food systems , but it 's going to be known as long as it can governments governments .
By the end of these problems , we have the solutions that we do n't understand the problem .
President Obama unk to the cancer of the war , but they found out that there were many species of cancer , which were most of the most vulnerable of
unk problems are difficult .
It 's not true that we do n't have big problems with technology .
We can , we have to do it , but we need to get these four elements of all the leaders , but politicians and politicians have to be interested
The unk , which was a kind of metaphor for the ability of technology , to solve these problems .
But this is a model which is not in the future .
It 's not the year .
There is no way to stop unk unk , like the unk War , no politicians like John unk , who all have difficult and dangerous to a unk ,
But at the end of all , it was at the end of the way to fly .
He was only three days away .
And it 's unk , whether it 's a serious problem .
We are on ourselves and we have the solutions to the future .
God knows it 's not what we do .
Thank you .
I want to tell you your eyes .
Imagine , you 're going on your shoulder .
unk the door , their color and the material that they did .
Now you 're in a group of unk unk unk unk on their own .
It 's a unk unk , and they 're going to take you and your door .
You need to imagine .
It 's unk , unk and unk .
And then they unk all right in your door .
unk , unk , unk , and unk , unk unk in unk .
Now , it 's about the unk of your house in your unk , or if you 're on the other side of your shoulder , and unk , like
The light is based on unk .
It turns out from the back of a yellow unk .
unk was a horse .
You ca n't feel like the blue foot is your nose .
You unk the unk , which is it in the mouth .
Go to him over over your house .
Here 's what you 're going to do with the entire information of your imagination .
Your clothes are just the unk , she said , " unk unk , " unk unk , " while she 's in your mouth . "
Now I decided to go to your kitchen .
The ground was made by a yellow unk , and then from the back of the unk , the unk , unk and the unk of the " unk "
Okay . All right .
I want to thank you to a very exciting competition , every year in the city in New York City .
He 's called " unk unk unk unk . "
A few years ago , I wanted to go through this competition , and I expected the unk of unk .
It was a bunch of guys , and some few people , very different age and unk .
They 're looking for unk unk hundreds of different numbers .
unk the name of unk and unk unk .
And they were very unk in just a few minutes .
It was unk , who was able to get a piece of unk on the unk .
This is crazy .
These people have to have skills .
I started to talk about some of them .
This is in unk , he 's a guy who came from England , and there was one of the unk unk .
And I asked him , " unk , when you saw that you have this special experience ? "
And I said , " I 'm not a unk . "
I 've just had a normal memory .
Everybody who 's got here , you 'll tell you that it 's just a unk .
And all of us , all of us , in unk techniques , they were able to use this incredible unk , the Internet , the World War II ,
And I thought , " Wow , so what I 've never heard about ? "
We stood out of the unk and unk , this wonderful , brilliant , and he said , " No guy told me , " Thank you , " A
Do you go back ? "
I said , " What ? No ? "
" I 'd like to say , " unk . "
It would be able to believe that this can be everybody . "
I said , " I 'm not unk , but you could teach me . "
I mean , you have to do something , right ? "
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me .
A lot of the last year I did n't just do with my memory , but also to understand it , and understand how it works -- it does n't
I have a lot of really interesting people .
This is here for example .
He was suffering from suffering , and probably the worst memory of the world .
His memory is so bad that he does n't even have to be back to his self .
Even though it was so , it was unk , when it comes to the same time we do what we are .
On the other side , I learned .
unk unk .
He was the unk for unk unk unk in the movie " unk . "
And we took a day at the day , in the public schools in unk City City , you know , it 's amazing .
And I came back to make a whole bunch of paper around the book , read , two years ago , and more of the unk in New York and
And I have a whole lot of really interesting interesting things .
I was fascinated with me that there was a time ago to understand the memory of music , not to look like all of us as soon as soon as
There was a time there were people in their memory , it was unk .
Over the last few years ago , we developed a series of technologies , but the unk of the unk , the code , the theater , the computer ,
These technologies are allowed us to change the world , but we change .
They have been unk , and I would argue that it has also changed .
Without that , it seems to be sometimes when we knew how it goes .
One of the last places in the Earth , where you can still find people who are still interested in their unk , unk and unk , is this unique
In fact , it 's not as unique as unique to the world .
And that led me to the unk , I wanted to know how to do these people .
A few years ago , there was a research at college University in London , a group of unk in the lab .
They wanted to look at the structure , or their brains were different than the rest of us ?
The answer was : No .
Are they faster than we ?
They gave them a bunch of unk , and the answer was not true .
And there was an interesting vision and a difference between the brain of a brain , and the one of the brain , which has been unk .
If you put it in a unk machine , and you see the brain , while they look at both faces and images of images , you can see that
It seems like they were going to be part of their brain , which could remember the unk and unk .
Why ? And we can learn something about this ?
The competition to get the memory of memory , in every year , every year , with a new technology for the unk of unk and the rest of the
This is my friend unk unk unk unk unk .
On the table here , there 's been unk over the table in an hour with a technology that he invented , and when he was unk .
He used a similar technology to be able to get out of the order of thousands of unk unk in half an hour .
Yeah .
And even though there 's an enormous amount of techniques , there are many things in these unk , but they all of these techniques in the concept of "
And so this is called unk unk -- a unk of this concept , it 's like , " Well , if I ask two people , let 's say
That 's his name .
And I 'm going to tell you , " Do you know that there 's a person who has a unk . "
Now when I 'm going to go back to a moment , if you come back and say , " Do you know the word that I told you about
Do you have the word word ? "
The person who was the person who was going to remember the probability of the person than the person who would care about the person .
Same word , self - unk ; it 's strange .
What 's going on here ?
Well , the name is called unk .
He 's absolutely independent of all the unk unk in your head .
But the job of law , we know .
unk unk is white unk .
unk have in their hands .
unk unk , when they work from home .
Maybe we have a unk .
And if we look at the first word , we 're going to do that with the word , and then it 's going to be more likely to be
The secret here , in the memory of the game , and the secret to the other things that are happening in the future , can be a way to
One of the techniques of the world has two million years back to the oldest century .
It was as a unk .
The story of his place is like , " There was a poet called unk , who was a unk .
He was in the conversation , and then when you got a great party , she did n't want to be a unk , but it was a poet .
He 's going to be his poem from the memory of your memory , and the room in the same time , the story behind him , and all the
Not only all the dead , their body is about unk .
Nobody would say , who was there , no one who knows where you had .
The body can not be true .
It 's a tragedy .
unk is out there , the only one of the unk of this war has come in his eyes , and suddenly suddenly he realized that he was able to
And so he 's going to unk the unk on the hand , and they get through the unk .
In this moment , there was something that we know all of us already know that we do n't matter how much we have to send our names , or
If I ask you to ask the first 10 words of history , again , you would find it hard .
But I 'm going to win if I would ask you to remember who , in the moment of a few yellow black hole in your unk , it would
The idea of the unk system is to create a new unk of the eye and the images with the images of the things that have been -- in the
This is a unk , who was on the past two years ago , Charles unk wrote about memory .
How does it work ?
So you 're invited to be invited to TED TED , and you want to take it from the memory of the same time , as it would have been
You could do that , you 're going to go back to your door .
Where you find a completely crazy and crazy story with pictures of images around you , you know , when you 're going to do this , you know ,
And then you go to your house and you see the unk on the back of Mr. unk .
And that would you even remember your friend 's father .
And if you go back to unk , you know , you 're looking at a little joke that you wanted to share .
You 're in your kitchen , and the fourth thing that you wanted to say , was this strange journey that you 've been for a year , and you
So , in fact , had to read their unk unk -- not a word word , but it was just the subject , but it 's about the subject
The English word " unk " unk , " which is a story about the unk sentence , " from the word " unk , " which says , "
These are both of the people who were talking about unk and unk .
The word " in the first place , " unk , " The first thing in your mind . "
I found that everything was fascinating .
A few more memory memory .
I 'd like to talk about something about the unk of unk unk .
But there was a problem .
The problem that the memory of unk unk are unk .
It 's like a group of people who are sitting there .
It 's really interesting when someone 's unk .
I 'm a journalist , well , I need something to do something about it .
I know that the unk things are in the book of people , but I do n't have access access .
So if I wanted to tell this story , I had to be able to do it .
And so , I started to go to every morning , 15 years old , before I started with my paper , there was something else to learn .
Maybe a poem .
The name from one of the unk , which I bought on the bought .
I had to say that it was amazing .
I could never imagine .
It has been done because it 's not about the memory .
You want to be better and better than it , this crazy , unk , unk , unk , and hope to show images of your eyes .
I unk .
Here I 'm with my standard unk unk .
A pair of unk and unk unk , and the two things were unk , because it was the biggest unk of the head of memory .
I went to the U.N. , which was a year ago .
And I 've been unk , unk , just as a experiment experiment .
It could be a nice unk for my research .
The problem was that the experiment did not like unk .
I won the competition , which is really not supposed to happen .
It was nice to be able to go to speak , and they were unk , and they did n't know what I wanted .
These are just magic .
unk the work , because they 're in some interesting ideas about what we 're going to do .
You do n't have to build unk , or you 're looking for information to look at what 's going to be able to be able to be able to
We 're talking about people with good memory when it was a special experience , but it 's not true .
Good unk are unk .
We remember things better than we 're looking for .
Let 's remember when we were involved .
And we remember , when we have the opportunity to find out why , and information , for us to tell you why they 're meaning , and when we
The unk , these are unk , they 're all unk .
In fact , it 's not really real .
They work because they do n't work .
They care about us , and to be careful , in a way , we 're not usually .
But it 's not kidding .
That 's how things are happening in memory .
One thing I want to do with you to do something that I can do with the man who do n't even have to go back to the experience of
How much are we ready to go from our short experience of our lives , that we 're going to focus on our home or our iPhone , instead of
I 've learned that the memory of every time we have learned incredible .
If we want to live a life life , we need to be the person who never forget .
Thank you .
In the age of 25 , I left a job job in the unk for a unk .
For public schools in New York , I was working for unk .
How many teachers , I decided to test test tests .
I had failed .
When the work was working on , I did .
There was n't the only difference between the best and unk students .
The only one of my students were not unk .
Some of my kids do n't do very well .
That 's what I thought .
What you 've been in seven seven years ago in English , it 's hard to work : unk , unk , the area of a unk .
But it 's not impossible to me . I was really convinced that all of my students can learn to work when they were long and hard .
After a few years ago in school , I came to the end of what we 've been thinking about education in a much better understanding of your students and
What if we 're at least at the best of the best way , at the level of science , but what happens when they go to school , and
So I went back to the classroom , and I got a student .
I started working with kids and adults in all sorts of unk in the situation , and I asked her to success , and why ?
My team and I went to the West unk unk .
We decided to unk the unk in the unk , and not like .
We went to the national school , and we decided to tell the kids who came to the world .
We looked at unk , which was very difficult to work , and they said to teach the teachers who were going to teach them what they were going to
We were working with private companies , and they said , " unk their mouth ?
And who 's most of money .
In all these different , they have a sense of how much evidence of success .
We were not social intelligence .
It was not good enough , but physical health and it was n't just failed .
It was unk .
unk is passion and passion for a long term .
unk is unk .
unk is , when you go to a unk , not just for a week or a week , it 's hard for years , and it really hard to
unk is life as a marathon , not a unk .
Well , a few years ago , I was in public school in New York .
I asked thousands of students in the unk of the unk , and then later , a year ago , to see , who came to me .
It turns out that kids had to be more likely to get more likely to realize that when I realized all of these properties , unk things like unk ,
So the important thing is not only in unk and unk , but in the school , especially for children with unk .
The thing about this issue for me is that we have to know that the science is very little about how you know .
Every day I ask myself and teachers , " How do we support the new kids ? "
How do I teach kids a lot of work ?
How do I think for unk ? "
The answer , I do n't know .
But what I know is that you do n't have a special experience .
Our data shows that a lot of people really do n't follow them .
In fact , in fact , in fact , in fact , in fact , we 're not aware of all our unk , but we also have unk with
As the best idea I 've heard about the unk of unk , it 's called the unk .
And this idea was at the University of unk University , and that was the belief that the ability to do n't learn , but it 's how they can
Dr. years ago , the kids when they read about the brain and learn how to understand the answer to change , and then , in failure , a lot
This unk is a great idea for the invention of unk .
But we need more .
This is what I want to say to me , because we are so far .
This is the work that we are .
We need to be our best ideas , and we 're going to test our unk and test .
We need to measure if we 've been successful . We 've got to be willing to fail , not to be able to learn from learning and learn from
In other words , we need to be able to understand our kids more more important .
Thank you .
In the center of my work , the connection between this , and our environment is part of the environment , where architecture is from the natural natural movement ,
Today , I have an example of unk , unk projects .
Both of these projects are in cities , one in Ethiopia , in Ethiopia .
They also have in common that the different data from a different part of the architecture is architecture .
The first example started with an invitation to a unk unk in the local community of unk .
This is the building from the buildings , which was my team , and I was like , like , for example , what we could do , we were
First , I thought I wanted to .
After we had a few of these buildings , there -- there are many of them in the city -- we realized that they were three key elements .
First of all these buildings , they were empty , because they were very large - scale in the people who ca n't afford to buy things .
Secondly , they have a huge amount of energy because the water are made out of the heat , and then you need a lot of energy .
In a city , that 's not going to happen , because they have a pretty weather weather , which is in the last year or 20 percent .
And third , his son has nothing to Africa with Africa and Ethiopia .
This is a unk in a place with such a culture and tradition .
And I was in the first of the first thing that we were actually looking at from the United States with these unk structure , where thousands of people and
It also has this idea of the space of the room , which is able to create the activity of creating the activity .
So I thought , that 's exactly what I really did n't want to build a toilet .
But the question was , as we developed a unk , unk buildings with these principles .
The next challenge is , when we looked at the screen , because it 's in a real city in the city where most of the buildings that you see
In fact , there 's two between two unk unk that have hundreds of thousands of feet .
First of all , we created a connection between these two streets , and there were all the streets of the buildings .
This is in a unk unk , which is a unk space in the building , which is unk through its own self - unk .
In order to unk this idea , we have an idea of a market with a little bit of the unk in the ground , because of the form of
I thought , " How do we take the buildings ?
I really wanted to find a solution to the local unk .
I started thinking about , like a pair of unk , with the unk , and light light , but in unk .
And then I got these beautiful colors in the unk unk .
They have the properties of a magnetic geometry , and it helped me to understand the whole thing .
We built this with these little unk unk , the window , the air and light in the way we built the building .
And that 's going to get through these little little black holes , which is the light from the use of the Internet , it 's going to look at
It was n't just the unk with these ideas , because they thought , " This is not a mall . "
But then we all realized that this idea of the oil is a lot of oil than the idea of a unk , because they can use more expensive .
And the concept of the oil was much less much less than not just about the material , but it was not just enough .
So we built some of them that we used to use the project .
The first thing was to think about how we built the buildings , and in a city , almost every day .
We created a set of unk , when we look at the roof .
Over these unk , we went back to the roof as a new public space with unk , and we look at the city of this city .
This unk on the roof of the water in the unk .
Now , at the beginning of the next year , because we 've built the paper to five to the other .
The second example is an unk in 2000 , and we built in unk .
And so in a big project , the largest project that I 've built in the world , I had to understand the city , but the environment , the
And in this particular , I was particularly interested in the city , which is the 1,000 years of the structure , which was from a wall wall , 12
When I went to the unk , we had the first step in the streets of the streets to be able to be able to be able to build the
In addition , we put some of the dots points in the unk of this concept , and they were straight straight straight lines , and it changed the pattern
The last one was on the Internet , the little city of the city , as a part of the unk .
What would be the best place in a climate change ?
This is North Korea , because of the unk between the two parts , it 's created , and it 's a natural unk .
So we 're looking at a pattern like this , which is that most of them are perfect in the same place .
And this is the result , it 's almost like a combination of European and the Arab city .
There are the unk with the unk , and on the ground , there are these connections .
It also has the unk of the power of the unk , the higher level of the top , and they have a deep deep density in the unk floor
It 's also the concept of the freedom .
The unk has this kind of unk , which is self - in - three - dimensional unk , and they also get into very large areas of light ,
The roof , my favorite place in this project , the community has gone back to the room , from the building .
There are all the way of all , and they come together , and things like , like a unk -- in the morning , from a building on the
These two examples have a different approach to the process .
They are in developing countries where you can look at the oceans .
In these cities , the changes of the architecture of architecture is in the world and the lives of the local communities , and now , as fast as the
For this reason , I think it 's more important to architecture architecture , but they do n't want to find the relationship between the community and the environment and
Thank you .
I want to talk about trust , and I want you to think about the belief of faith .
They are so unk that they have become the unk .
This is my view of three years .
First of all , I mean , trust is a unk , believe in many ways .
Then a goal , we should be more .
And a task is , we should trust the confidence .
And I think that the argument , the goal and the task to be wrong .
I want to tell you a different story about an argument , a goal , and a challenge is to make a much better approach to the thing .
It 's just the argument : Why do people think about trust ?
And when I 'm really thinking about my life today , I do n't know the answer .
Maybe it has to be in certain activities , or unk , and in other days .
I 'm missing .
But I can also find the research that they are called the source of the faith in the belief that the faith is in mind .
Look at a period of time . It 's not a lot of evidence .
It 's going to be the most people who said , 20 years ago , there were politicians and politicians , still in many other .
And the people who were 20 years ago , it was still very familiar : unk , doctors .
We are in the United States . The United States is almost almost in the middle .
But is this a good evidence ?
unk : unk -- Thank you .
What could they do ?
So let 's look at the world of the most people in their own questions .
Do you trust the trust ? Do you teach ?
If you said , " Do you trust trust ? "
Do you trust unk ?
Do you trust unk ?
And then you would ask , " What 's true ? "
And that would be a rational response .
And if you answer the answer to you , you might say , " I believe in some of them , but not some of them , but do n't
unk .
In short , we 're going to go back to our short experience , trust in different ways .
We 're not going to get out of this , because we 're going to do all of our unk , or not in a unk or an expert of
So , I could say , " I could have a certain famous experience of the first day , the first grade , " I did n't want to leave
Maybe I know , it 's not a car car .
I believe that my friend has a friend of music , but maybe not that they have a secret .
unk .
So , as we know , we 're talking about self - unk , if we 're thinking about trust , and why do we know this knowledge from what
The unk here are very bad news about the actual unk , because they have a good sense of unk to the unk .
Secondly , we come to the goal .
The goal is to trust more .
In fact , I 've got to be honest .
That 's what I would n't do .
I would try to make the unk more unk , not the unk .
I 'm even interested in unk , not unk .
And the ones that they had to take their weight in the hands of a couple of unk , who said , like the name of the name of the
" unk is not a leader in this life . "
unk smart can be supposed to be the goal .
And then you say , " Well , okay , what 's most important , is not trust , but we 're trust . "
The third of people can be able to do .
And to do this , we have to look at three things .
Are they unk ? Are they honest ? Are they ?
If we have a person in the unk , unk and truth , we have a good reason to trust them , then it 's unk .
But the person is not , but probably not .
Some of my friends are unk , and I said , and she would n't give me a letter , because they are unk .
I have friends , who were very much in their own faith , but they 're doing these things .
And I 'm very happy that I do n't have a lot of friends , and they were unk , but they are .
But if I have n't seen it .
But let 's say , " Well , let 's go to trust .
unk is the response .
And the third thing we need is . That 's hard .
Over the last decades we 've tried to try to do it in all sorts of institutions and institutions and experts , which we have easier to give back to
Many of these systems have the same effect .
They do n't work like .
A unk unk said to me , " The problem is that the unk is longer than the baby in the world . "
All in our public lives , in our institutions , is to solve this problem in the system , and unk , and it does n't matter .
It unk people like unk from their hard things that they 're trying to do .
unk , in fact , you can see any examples .
So so far as a goal .
The goal is more , and that 's going to be difficult if we want to want to be able to tell the other , and if we want to
It 's not easy . You have to do it , and they do n't have simple response or unk .
And now for the task .
This is a state of self - unk to describe the unk .
Because it turns out that you should trust and trust .
We can do this for us .
We can make a little bit of win .
So , two people can trust their trust .
But finally , in fact , there 's a cause of trust , which is one of the other people .
You ca n't build it in the other one .
You have to give them a foundation that they have a trust .
So you have to be able to be .
This is because of course , you do n't usually all people in the nose of the nose .
But you also have to have a lot of evidence that you can do .
How does that ?
This is happening every day , everywhere . People do it , unk , unk , unk , very effective .
Here 's a simple example .
The local , I mean , I 'm going to call her back and they do n't ask questions .
They take them back and give me the money , or a couple of unk in the color .
That 's great . I trust them , because they were interested in me .
It 's a very important challenge .
If you look at the most vulnerable , it 's a very good thing that you can see , and you 're in your own mind .
So our goal is not really important to be very difficult .
These are relationships between people , and the unk , or the other people are .
So the issue of the story is so much more likely to believe about whether or trust about the trust of faith , or unk , and a lot more
Thank you .
You know , the best part of the unk are on the films that I can see .
I love it to look at my own friends with my kids , like my daughter , four years old , we 've got the unk of " unk .
The film did n't show them anymore .
Your unk , of course .
So , she had a good job to make a unk and a unk .
But if you look at this film , you can see how it 's actually actually .
We live in the days of our time and our kids in a kind of unk unk .
But " The unk unk " was different .
He does n't have this trend .
It has 40 years , until this trend , unk -- with a few months , it was in a guy , and a guy with a lot of a
You know what I 'm talking about ?
Right .
Well , there 's a big difference between these two films , even many different differences between the unk of the unk and all of the films that we are
First of all , it 's in " The unk from " unk . "
The monkeys are very dead , even as the unk .
But I think , " If " The " unk " has been produced , " that you said , " unk , you 're the unk of unk that
unk your shoes shoes to get the computer computers of the white unk of the West . "
But it does n't happen .
Another thing that I 'm going to say , " unk " is unique unique , is that the unk and unk and even unk characters .
This is the first time I found when I was from my daughter , " unk unk , which was later later , and the situation was different .
At that point , I had a son .
He was just three years old .
He was n't in unk , who was not very young .
But he was the second kid , and he was much less than his sister .
So he was in a way , and he wrote the film , like a unk , his mother , and I do n't think he understood what it was
And I asked myself what he did .
Did he put it to be the courage , and unk ?
And he was unk by the unk of an army to support the government ?
And he found that it was just boys in the universe , " unk unk and of course that he was really cool , but while most of all ,
unk with this , " The unk of unk .
How does it come to a film ?
By doing all of unk and unk .
This is the kind of world in the world , my kids would say , " -- or , " -- and not in the world , in the same
Why is there so much power -- -- in unk , in the movies that are the kids for our kids , and so few yellow yellow ?
There 's a lot of good reading about the effects of the films around the boys in boys , and they 'll read it . It 's very good .
But I do n't have a lot of reading about how guys are doing this .
I know , in my own experience , the unk did n't have the unk model , which I could use to be able to look at the world of
I think there was a moment with the first one , when I really would expect that the beginning of the story , and so it 's a film ,
I have my mission , I did the girl .
Why do you stand there ?
I do n't know what to do .
The films are very easy to focus on the unk , and the reward and the reward , and there are n't a lot of different relationships and other different
It 's almost like if you know when a kid is an animal animal , and if you 're a girl , you should get better than unk .
There 's a lot of these exceptions , and I 'm going to go to the World Bank -- from all of you .
But they give a message to the boys that are not the unk .
They are in the girls , as they teach them to the unk , but they show the boys do not necessarily like they 're going to be against the
There are no models for them .
There are also some of the women , the new stories on our children , and so three and wonderful and unk , it 's still unk .
And the majority of all of course , of course , of course , is one of the other , and every single one of them is one of them
Until -- like many of you , you know -- this year , as soon as soon as the film , " unk unk " unk " unk . "
I guess it all . He 's on the Internet Internet .
Remember what he said , " unk ? "
" Oh , I ca n't believe it was a unk film . "
He 's very good . Let 's not get out of that .
But as well as we do n't have these films , the Apple test test .
I do n't know if you 've heard about it .
He has n't even been wrong with it , but maybe we 're going to move through a movement .
unk unk is a book -- and French was in the middle of the United States , which she wrote with a friend of the unk of the films that
It 's very simple . It 's just three questions that you need to ask : " There 's more than a character in the movie , which is a
Try again , to follow this .
And to talk to these women , at some time ?
And then it 's about a little bit different than the guy who they do ?
unk ? Thank you .
Thank you .
Two women , and they 're talking about things .
That 's what happened . I 've seen it , and I think it 's pretty rare in the films that we know and we love .
In fact , I was in this week , I was looking at a great film , " unk . "
Do you remember ? unk unk in the unk , unk unk , a common story about what a good thing is .
He 's going to be unk with the unk test .
I think that he should n't do , because one of the most you know -- I do n't know if you saw it -- but a lot of the
There are a couple of unk , in the men in this deep deep , fear of fear , and the great moment , the one of the unk has
So this is some of terrorists .
So let 's take a look at the numbers .
In the year of 2010 , there were 100 years ago , what do you think of how many of them had in unk ?
unk . That 's not bad .
It 's not a lot of unk like the number of women that we are just in the United States , so it 's good .
But there 's a number , which is larger than this is and this is the space .
Last year , the New York Times was a study published the government .
It says that .
One of five women in the United States that she was in their lives .
I do n't think it 's the rule of unk .
I do n't think that there 's nothing to do with things .
I do n't even think that the video and we 're going to do something about this , but we 're going to talk about it , and when I
Who are these guys ? What do they learn ?
What do they do not learn ?
Take the story on the story that is the task of a male heroes , who had to violence against violence , and then the reward reward , which is
Take this story ?
You know , as a parent , you have the privilege , a daughter , like the ones that you do with the same thing we find this world and
We have access to us like " unk , " and we hope that will help me , but I wonder what if they 're going to protect them ,
The unk unk is a tool that we can do something very important , and I 'm talking about the unk .
I think , we need to be able to get our sons to a new definition of unk .
The definition of unk is already already .
You read read like the New unk unk of unk and unk .
They 're unk unk .
Our sons are going to find a way to figure out how to create a new relationship , and I think we have to really understand that a real man
I think we should have to look at the Amazon and the films that are going to have the test test , if we can find them , and to
When I was my daughter who said , " unk " -- " you know what she said ? "
unk unk .
unk unk unk and unk .
What have these two together ?
Maybe it 's not just the unk .
I think these two characters are experts .
These are the two characters in the film that they do n't know , and all of you have to know , with other people to share with them ,
It 's also leaders .
I like this kind of job for my daughter and I like this kind of job for my son .
I want more to do things like this .
I want to do a little bit more work in which my son said , " unk and unk , " and more things that are in a team ,
Thank you .
I want to talk to you a story .
I do n't know his story , but this story .
He lives in a village village in south .
His village is in unk .
The lack of poverty in this village and the unk unk .
Now , there was no more thing about what he got there , and he went to the village , and in the city , in this case , the
When he comes up there , there 's no opportunity , no work , no way .
At the end , it comes up in a unk outside outside of unk .
It may be a year , but nothing .
One day , he 's going to come from a man who was going to be lunch for lunch .
It 's all of these unique communities , and they give them a chance .
He gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes and buy money for your family .
He 's going to be a young woman .
And he finally .
He starts a new life .
His life has a sense .
And in a beautiful day , in unk , the sky was a car in the air .
This unk unk unk was the unk and unk , and this particular group of young people were unk -- they had an unk with the British al Qaeda .
How could the story of a unk , which was just trying to go into the city , so that he had to go into the unk ?
He had died .
He had a chance to wait for the future , and they had the first opportunity to take him .
It was the first thing called him a state , we call " unk . "
And his story still goes back to the urban areas around the world .
It 's the story of unk unk unk , which is in London and London , and after something else than " unk " . "
Boy people in the city of the city , from their unk , possibilities , work , but they do n't have a nation of wealth .
unk it is the unk that has lost in high levels .
It 's going to be three billion of five people in the world than 18 years .
If we do n't want to survive in the growth of the cities , if we do n't have an opportunity , they can say , " unk , "
In my son , she was suffering , 70 percent of the young people were unk .
70 percent is not work , not to school .
They do n't really do anything .
Last month , I went back to unk , and I went to the hospital hospital , where I was born .
I remember what I was going on with this hospital , and I asked myself what if I was never going to be here ?
What if I was in the same state of unk ?
Would I be convinced ?
I 'm not sure what to say .
The reason for my month for this month was actually the unk of a group of young leaders and entrepreneurs .
I spent about hundreds of thousands of leaders .
We took them together , and we have a big solutions for the biggest challenges of the city .
The room was a young man .
He went to the University of unk , and he got to go to the university .
There was no work , no opportunity .
I remember , when he told me that he had a unk , and he was , the perfect goal was to be a member of unk and unk .
They were looking like him .
But this story takes another time .
And in fact , the oceans are obstacles to come from a B B B .
23 years of the United States was completely unk , so that the unk is the best unk .
unk realized the opportunity and she found them .
He started a unk .
He started unk , unk unk , who could n't afford it .
With the team of his family and friends , he bought 10 unk , and he was going to be involved in his life , and then the next three
How different is this story of the other ?
What makes the difference ?
I think it 's his ability to create a new opportunity and to use .
It 's the unk , and I think that the unk of the unk can be " unk . "
It 's a young young people who are able to understand the economic opportunity that they 're looking like .
You can teach people to be entrepreneurs .
I want to talk to you about a young man , which is one of my unk : unk unk , unk .
He helped me to find a few young people who had to go to the edge , and they show them how to find , and they are developed .
It 's actually the first of the unk unk , who had been working in the age of 18 years , and then recently , before before it was ,
If you said , " When did you look at the last time , you know , the answer of many , many of the time in the unk ,
So there was an opportunity .
He started an unk with unk .
He took a unk outside of unk unk , and unk , and unk , they were able to figure out what he said , in the climate climate change
He started to sit with flowers , unk , private private and companies around the city around it , and he was working on the design of the public public
There are no public spaces in unk .
He wants to build a place where the young people come together , and as he says , the beautiful things of life can .
Just like this , there 's no unk , because they have a lot of water .
So the first step is a young young people , and in this room , there was a lot of time in the room of the most people in the
They never really thought about a company .
They thought that they had to work for a government , or the government , but this story , its innovation , had a huge impact on them .
He unk them to their city as a place of the possibilities .
He unk them that they could be an entrepreneur that they could change the change .
At the end of the day they had some solutions solutions for some of the biggest challenges of the city .
They had access solutions for local people .
The inspiration from people who create a unk , is a very big step , but young people need to be able to change their ideas in reality .
They need to be able to do it , and they take them to unk their business , and they start .
Do you young people with the resources that they need to be able to link them to the support they need to get ideas , and you 're going to
For me , I think more than I think more than one , one of the unk .
It 's about creating unk .
unk is not just flowers .
I think he 's invited to hope .
His name is called " unk " when he 's created , the view of people in their city .
unk has unk unk , who would help him the unk and unk .
He gave them the chance that was the state of unk . "
These young companies have a huge impact on their cities .
So my proposal is : Do you want to get people to find entrepreneurs , and you 're going to change their own innovation , and you 're more more
Thank you .
In my childhood , it was one of my favorite unk , after unk , from the unk of unk , because my parents told me that happiness .
But these are very hard to find .
They are from sand , and I can see .
But after a certain time , I was a unk .
I started to find shapes , and the patterns that they helped me .
This developed in a passion to find things to love a love for the unk and the unk .
And when I finally started to unk unk , I realized realized that I looked at my eyes .
Because suddenly moved to me in my small beach in a hundred miles long , on the edge , and I grew up to the size of cities .
This led to me , to use cameras .
I had to look at the past in a map of the map .
I want to show you how we look at different ways when we use .
This is a place called the unk in unk , called unk .
And the site is unk unk . We 're using unk , and it 's going to be wrong with color color , it 's going to go back to
What you see here is the chemical changes of the landscape of unk and unk from the old culture .
What I 'd like to share with you today is how we used to use a city city to find the names of the unk and unk for thousands of
unk unk was the capital of the United States , as a long years ago , when a year ago , when we started in the era of unk ,
The site is in Al Qaeda and unk , and it 's very important because it 's in the Middle East , a big story of art , architecture and
unk , in the course of course , there was the side of unk unk in the next day , which was built on two of these guys around the
This area is huge -- the area is four billion .
In the course of the front of the unk on the unk , she came over and over time , and changed in the West , unk , the city
So , if you 're looking at a city city , so it 's a unk system .
It 's going to be able to find the way down to the needle in the unk , or unk and unk .
And so we use unk unk to a map of the landscape that could be able to move through visible changes .
Where 's on the back of the early days .
But you look closer , and that 's very interesting , this kind of unk , unk , with a circle of how we can find a place for the
So we were working with scientists with scientists , unk unk , what you can see here .
This is like unk unk in the ice , instead of unk , which is climate change , climate change , looking for the human unk .
In a deep foot in blue feet , there was a unk of unk , we found a unk of unk .
So this is that there 's in this particular position for unk -- in five feet , we 've got over a few hundred years in a hundred years of
We also found unk unk -- unk unk , unk and unk -- which shows that it has been working on a unk .
This is not just a lot of a lot , but if you look at the unk , they looked at the unk in the Middle East , it was
So we found a unk layer of the unk on this side , which was in the Middle East .
We also found evidence for a unk for the society , which shows that this is a very important city .
It turns out there 's not a unk -- but we 're going to come back to this place to come back to a map .
What 's more important , we have , we have unk unk for young boys who are working in the unk community that they 're like the ones that are
That 's why I wanted to go back to my view from the Middle East -- it might be in the city of unk unk years ago .
" You know , is the biggest unk of all .
There are nothing in the country . "
And she was n't built in 1984 in Spain .
Now , to start , I 've been able to go up to the three - dimensional ideas in the past , not a long way to come back up
That 's what you can do with the unk on the beach .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
I grew up in a daughter 's unk unk , at the most interesting things that my mother looked at the beauty , the universe and the form of the
Since I was from this incredible language .
But for a unk , it seems to be like the Great wall of China .
In the last few years , I asked myself how to do this wall , that every one of the most interested in this particular language , this has also
I thought that there was a new process to learn to learn .
Since the five years ago , I 've learned , every single one of all of the unk in the unk of the process .
In the next 15 years , I learned a new day .
And we only have five minutes to be able to do a faster and faster than that is useful .
A Chinese village is about unk .
You just need to look for a simple unk .
The most 200 countries can imagine , 40 percent of the principles of the literature , because there were unk unk , unk and the principles of the knowledge of
Today , I 'm going to talk to you with red , to show you how it works .
Are you ready ?
Open your mouth as possible , until it 's square .
It 's going to be a mouth . "
This man is walking .
" Man . "
If the unk on the fire fire , if you would say , " You know , if he said , " unk ! "
This is a tree .
" unk . "
That 's a mountain . "
The sun . "
The moon . "
The unk for the door is like a unk from the West .
And these eight are unk .
They are the unk unk to find a variety of characters .
A human .
If someone else comes out there , it means " unk . "
Are there , more than two , " unk " and three " A . "
If you have a human life , you know , this guy said , " It was so big . "
The man in my mouth , it 's like unk .
He 's a unk , " like unk . "
It 's a tree for a tree . It 's trees in a unk . "
Three to stand together for a forest . "
Give a stick of the tree and you have a unk . "
Do you have a mouth on top , it means " unk . "
Just to notice , because it 's a tree - unk tree .
Do you remember the fire ?
There are two - thirds of unk , " unk . "
unk to put together a lot of unk . "
Give the fire under two trees , it means " unk . "
For us , the sun is the source of the wealth .
Two of them are unk . "
unk are three . "
If the sun and the sun , it means " means " unk . "
In context , it can also for the next day .
The sun comes up on the horizon .
The door to a door on the door to the unk .
unk your mouth in the door , it says , " questions . "
unk unk , unk . Is there ?
This person is moving on the door . " " unk . "
The left is the woman . "
Two women are in a unk . "
unk with three women , it 's called " unk . "
We 've got 30 seconds .
With this way , you can look at the first eight unk unk words .
The next group with a language is different unk .
With a little bit of a few of you , you can find a few hundred people , like a unk of Iraq .
If we can use these characters , we start to get it together .
For example , of course , and unk , the unk , " a unk . "
We know , Japan is the land of the sun .
This is the sun with the " unk " because Japan is from China .
A sun with unk , it 's Japan . "
A man in Japan ?
Give a Japanese . "
The unk on the left is two sides of unk .
In the English , it means " unk " because China and the Chinese people had lost their violence into the mountains .
Today is " unk " to be " unk . "
It 's a mouth that says , where it goes down to " unk . "
This is the slide , which makes me remember that the stage comes up . Thank you .
When Steve Steve unk , the Los Los Angeles came from the streets of the Los Angeles , he wrote a wonderful music .
She came from a man , an African - American , unk , unk , who was playing on a unk , who was only two or two .
A lot of you can tell the story , because there was a book called unk book , which was called unk unk , Robert Robert unk and Robert unk
unk , unk , a unk and 30 years later , when he was in the streets of the streets of unk in the city of Los Angeles .
I 'm in all of you , unk book , or read the film , you do n't understand the wonderful understanding of the two of these men , but
I met unk in the year of 2008 , two years ago , in the unk of Iraq .
He had a picture of unk and unk , and he came to the stage stage to imagine .
He was talking to a very unk and unk sound of unk and unk , and Bill said , " and the same thing never had to go to the
We got to go to music music , and a few days later , I got a email email , which was the unk for me was interested in the
I 've got to say that there was a medical treatment , because he was working with unk and unk and unk , and he was able to have a
And as a result of it , it 's very special about this area -- that sometimes sometimes so bad , and he 's going to go to the streets
And in fact , it was in a unk unk , when we were able to do with the first book in the unk of Los Angeles City , he
He talked about Mars , and he said , like someone else in the night .
I was not scared , but I was afraid that I had to lose him that he could have been able to change his relationship , and that I could
So I just started to play .
I played the first sentence of unk unk .
And while I was playing , I felt that I was in the eyes of a completely change .
It was like if he had a lot of a smell of unk , which was a kind of response , of course , my game was game .
unk unk unk was in understanding , in a nose and curiosity .
And like , when he wrote a miracle , he took his unk and started to listen to a couple of unk to play , and I asked them to
And then we started to talk about music to talk about music , by unk , unk , unk , all the other unk , unk unk , unk to
And I was realized that he was not just a knowledge of knowledge , but it had a very personal relationship to you .
He talked about her passion with a passion , and I was just about my colleagues in the Los Angeles of Los Angeles .
When the music was music , and music was talking about this guy , unk man , who had to go through the streets of Los Angeles , a unk
music is medicine . unk music .
For unk , music is health .
Because the music that allows him to change his mind and unk with their imagination and creativity .
And so he 's unk his self - unk .
I understood that this is the nature of art .
And this is the reason why we do music , which is what we can do with all of the deep deep deep in the body , our emotions ,
And the reality of this is , and all of us and all of us , and I 'm inspired and inspired .
So , what went back to me , it took the music back to a community of friends .
The power of the music he took him back to a family of the musicians that he understood his knowledge and realized it .
And I 'm going to go back with unk , whether it 's going to be working on the competition of Iraq , or unk unk , because he 's
Thank you .
Bruno Giussani : Thank you . Thank you . Thank you .
Robert unk .
Robert unk : I 'd like to play something I call the unk unk .
I hope you have me .
So I 've been in my life of a lot of fish .
I was just two .
The first thing that was more like a passion .
It was a beautiful fish , unk , unk , unk , a unk on the unk .
What a fish .
Even better , he was born in unk , the unk of the foundation of sustainability .
So you could imagine that he would sell it .
I had this beautiful beauty of a relationship between several months .
One day , the unk of the company in the company , and asked me , if I had one day in the United States , it would have been
Of course , " I said . "
Here 's a company that has been trying to figure out what this problem has to do for our government . How do we eat our fish ?
In the last 50 years we 've seen the oceans as we went through our forests .
It 's hard to find the destruction .
90 percent of the fish that we are , the unk , the unk , unk , they were unk .
It 's almost nothing .
So , it 's probably , or unk , unk , a part of our future .
A lot of violence : unk unk , the environment , most of them , and they 're very unk , we take a unk . It 's a huge
He has a unk from 15 .
This is called " unk , unk unk unk , so you can make a hundred pounds .
Not very sustainable .
unk is not very good .
So , finally , a company was trying to do it right .
I wanted to leave them .
On the day of the event , I called the unk of unk for the company .
Let 's call him .
" unk , " I said , " Just to tell the facts , you know , you know , you know , you know , in the ocean ,
" That 's true , " he said , " We are so far out that the waste of our water is not unk . "
And then he said , " We are basically a whole world .
This unk from a unk , " he said .
" The best in the industry . "
unk one , great .
" unk , one ? What ?
" unk proteins , " he said .
" Great , " I said unk .
And on this night , I was in bed bed , and I thought , " What the hell is about a sustainable protein ?
So I went to the next day , a short short event .
I said , " Well , what are the protein ? "
He said , he did n't know . He 's going to do it .
Well , I went to a couple of people in the company , and I would have to be able to find a third answer , and finally , I
Let 's call him .
" unk , " I said , " What are the protein ? "
Well , he mentioned a few and a couple of unk , and he said , " unk .
I said , " unk ? "
He said , " Yes , unk , skin , unk , unk , unk , and unk . "
I said , " How much percent ? unk ? "
In the case of maybe two percent .
" Well , that 's 30 percent , " he said .
I said , " Well , what 's sustainable ? "
There was a long time to go to the line , and he said , " It 's just too much of the chicken in the world . "
I unk from this fish .
No , not because I 'm a unk and unk .
That 's me .
No , I did n't actually put out of the fish because of the fish , because I was in God , who had the fish of the paper for
The second one , which is another kind of story .
It 's the kind of the kind of the kind of thing that you can get to see your fish , you can get the water more .
I took him in a restaurant in a restaurant .
A unk had had been known for a long time .
It made us a unk .
He came to the table with a unk , almost white white color .
The dad was unk .
unk .
unk , he was still unk .
Who can get a fish so good ?
I ca n't do it , but this guy can .
Let 's call it unk . It 's called unk .
And no , he did n't have fish fish , and he 's not a bad job at least in the way you understand and I understand .
He 's a pair of unk unk unk .
This is a unk in unk unk .
It 's very close to the river .
By the way , the city went to the farm in the hands of unk .
They were unk unk on what it was basically .
They did it by the country .
They built this structure of unk , and they had the water out of the country , and in the river .
Well , they could n't make a difference that did n't work .
And green was a disaster .
It took about 90 percent of the birds that are in this place .
And in fact , I was a unk company called unk .
What did they do ?
They have the river of water .
They literally literally the unk .
Instead of the water , they used the unk to unk water .
They unk the unk .
They created a unk of unk unk -- unk unk , unk , unk , and unk and unk and his company , the unk was completely different .
The farm is incredible .
I mean , you 've never seen it .
They 're moving on the horizon , which is a million miles away , and all of these things are unk , and these unk , unk .
I was n't a long time with unk .
He 's an incredible guy , three different from Darwin and a part of a unk . "
Okay ? And there were us , and we decided to get through the unk and unk , and I had to go back to my unk , and I
Here 's a unk unk .
Now , he mentioned the unk of unk .
And here , here 's a look at a pattern of unk , it 's the unk of unk .
It turns out that most of the most part of his career in the National Park in Africa .
And I asked him how he was in such a fish .
He said , " fish ? I do n't know about fish .
I 'm an expert of unk . "
And then he goes down , and you look at more than of birds and birds and unk .
And you do n't understand me because it was really amazing , you know the community community , so in the way .
It 's great , but I was love .
And my head was made by a little bit of this piece of unk , that I had the unk .
So I took him . I said , " unk , as it comes out that your fish are so good ? "
He showed up the virus .
" I know , " unk , the unk , the unk , this is incredible .
But what do you eat ?
How is the unk ? "
Well , he goes to me to tell me that this is a place that is the fish that they eat in the food .
The unk , the unk , the unk , this is what the fish fish .
The system is so healthy , it 's completely unk .
There 's no food .
The one of the left you have , who do n't animals animals ?
And then I went to the day , I went to this one with unk , and I asked him , " He had a place , and that 's
In the moment , when there was a unk , it had to be a unk .
And we went back to the corner , and we spent the most unk , and thousands of unk , literally , literally , in fact , there 's literally
" That 's success , " he said .
" Look at their unk .
It 's unk . "
unk ? I was shocked .
I said , " unk , you do n't get your fish ? "
" Yes , " he said . "
" We lose 25 percent of our fish and fish in the birds .
Well , last year , it was on this number of birds , more than 200 different species .
It 's about the largest largest and one of the most important people in unk .
I said , " Well , there 's a good unk unk , not the last thing you would have to do with a unk ? "
He unk his head .
He said , " We build unk unk , not too .
This is a village network .
The unk eat .
The unk eat .
So the unk of the left the better system . "
Okay , let 's go back to the city , which is not the animals , and their food , their success in their health .
unk , but also a unk .
Oh , and in the end of that , it 's not enough to be .
They were built in a city to go to a few miles away where the unk is better for the unk .
Every morning , they 're going to go to a few miles away .
And every night , they fly thousands of miles .
They do that , because they 're the white line of the white line , the unk can follow .
unk .
I had a kind of like the penguins , so I looked down .
I said , " unk , they 're going to fly down miles of the city , and then they go back to Los miles ?
Do they do for the kids ? "
He looked at me when I was going to be a song from unk .
He said , " No . You do that , because the food is better . "
I do n't have the skin of my friend unk , I said , " I was n't like unk . I do n't like it . I do n't
It 's this unk , unk unk .
I do n't even almost like it .
And yet , when I did it in this restaurant , in fact , they did n't even have unk .
They were unk , and if you had a half from the ocean .
I mentioned this , and he unk .
He said , " The skin skin like a fire . "
It 's the last year before you get into the body .
It has been in the process of evolution that has been unk . "
And then he wrote it , " But our water has no unk . "
Okay . unk , who did n't fish the fish . It was the success of success .
And then I realized , when he says , a farm that did n't have a unk , unk unk , because the water that comes out of this water
It 's a river , which all of these things are going to get out of the rivers of the rivers , which is what they can do with chemical
And when it comes into the system , it 's the water , and this is the water , as it is unk .
The system is so healthy , it 's the water .
So , not only a farm , their animals , not just a farm , the success of success in their health system , but a farm that was literally
Because if the water water , unk , unk unk in the ocean .
A one in the ocean , I know , but I 'm going to take it , and I would like to do that , because this story , as
You could say they 're a recipe for the future , if we talk about unk or unk .
Now , what we need now is , is a new idea of agriculture , of course , from one in which food is really good .
But for many people , that 's a little bit .
We are not unk , we 're unk . We are unk .
We love . We love a little unk . We 're talking about food food . We eat .
And if you say that the things that are the best of the good news is about someone else , and says , " Hey people , " I 'm
How do you get the world ? "
Can I be honest ?
I like this question .
No , not because we 've got enough to make the world more than only .
A billion people will be hungry .
One billion -- that 's more than ever before -- because of unk in the distribution , not the unk .
Well , I do n't like this question , because they do the logic of the unk of the last 50 years .
unk unk on unk , unk unk in the Earth , there are fish fish , and all the time they had just said , " If we get more
That was the reason . It was the unk . It was the business of agriculture .
We should call them what they are , and it 's a unk in unk , a unk , which is unk from unk , which is that the production
This is not a unk , and it 's not agriculture .
Our unk today is not unk , because of unk unk , but unk resources .
It 's not from the unk unk and unk unk , but by unk , not by unk , but through water water , not through the unk , but
You want to feed the world ?
Let 's start with the question : How are we going to feed ourselves ?
Or better , how can we create the physical community to help themselves ?
So to do this , do n't look at the unk model for the future .
It 's really old , and it 's done .
unk , of course , and machines , and they are never really good at the food .
Let 's look at the green model .
This is the two billion years ago .
Look at unk , farmers .
unk , not the worlds in the worlds , they did n't have the unk , instead of unk , unk , the unk , rather than plants , not
Because they are the ones who are experts for the taste .
And when I 'm really honest , it 's a better than I 'm going to be .
You know , that 's me right , because if the future is good , it 's become dead .
Thank you .
If I 'm going to tell you something about this , that it can tell us that the rest of the data that we eat , is more than the
So , what we see here is a typical unk unk .
This is what I 'm doing here is a little experiment .
It 's called me , and what I 'm going to be able to do is that I can say to a certain cause of death , we say ,
And immediately , I look at a different pattern .
And that 's because there are in the unk people who are in the unk , and they are over here .
We can take a step further , and we 're looking at the data , and we see that unk and cancer are not normal .
Now if we 're going to go further and go to the age , we say , 40 years or if we look at the current , it 's the
And the unk unk is that it 's true for men .
So you can see that this is a part of information , and data in this way , they 're in swimming in a living unk .
And if we do this for data , why ca n't use it for content ?
Now , what we 've got here is the unk of every single single unk unk , which has never ever seen .
It 's all here . It 's all online online .
You can use it to my talk at your unk .
They can be able to use them in a decade .
You can be able to be able to tell you .
You can go directly to a certain part .
Now if I look at this , I look at the unk , which is this one and the unk .
So I 'm a unk star , so I 'm going to go through the front of all of us , which I 'm going to be mentioned in the
Now , if I 'm just a unk , I would like to think , " OK , what if I talk about what I 'm going to talk about
So I 'm going to take a step back and unk .
Now I see unk unk .
And so , you get a idea of this idea that if you look at this kind of information , unk , unk , unk , unk , do n't
You do something that 's actually a little bit different .
It 's something in between , and we think it can change the way that it can be .
I want to this idea a little bit of a little bit about something like a little crazy .
What we 've done here is , we have every single unk , and it 's a little bit of unk .
The signal is a short and a symbol of the area from the area .
I 'm just going to look at the 500 500 unk unk .
But in fact , in this century , we can make a lot of things .
Suddenly , we get a look at the stories that are Wikipedia in Wikipedia .
I 'm going to ask the question of government .
Well , after I went to the government , I realized that the unk , which is most of the time you go back to the unk of the last
This is really important , because this is a discovery that is not in a single unk .
That 's only to see if you take a step and look at this .
unk in a particular part of this can I can do , I 'm going to go back to the unk of the day , " and then all of
Now if I 'm all of these people , I realize that the majority of all of these things are from the science . Some of the other things ,
And of course , there 's also a TED Prize .
So we can go down and take a look at all the TED Prize .
You see , we look at the Internet , the first time when it 's really a network is not just about side to the side , but much more
And so I want to show you what else has a little surprise .
I 'll just show you the New York Times .
unk , this machine -- I do n't want to call it a unk , because it 's not a new computer , but you can use it on the
So I can take a step back , and we 're going to take a specific unk .
That 's so important because you 're just looking at this in a different way , the Internet Internet , the same is the same way .
So , I can go into it in a series of unk .
Here 's the unk of all the demonstration I 've got to be here .
And I can tell you what I 've been looking at today .
And when I go back to a step , and I 'm looking at all the time , I think it can move back to my view of the past
And from here , I can look at the side of it , and then again .
It 's a metaphor , and again , it 's going to be used , and every time it makes it larger than the unk of the unk .
At the moment , in the world we think it 's a data .
We talk about unk unk .
We talk about " unk in information . "
What if we could change the situation , and then the Internet on the car , so that instead of instead of looking at the other way , we start
If we can do this , then this will be unk , maybe a new source of information .
And , instead of just easy to get into information , we can understand this .
And when we know knowledge , we can even even understand it .
So I listen to thank you very much .
I grew up with a unk of science fiction .
In my school , I went to the bus to school , every day an hour .
And my nose and he was in a book , a science - book book , my idea in other worlds , and I think , in my deep deep
And this idea came to me when I did n't work when I was working in school , through the forest , unk , unk and unk , unk and
I was absolutely unk , you know .
It was always trying to understand the world and understand the boundaries of the world .
And my love for art looked at me was in my environment , because of the back in the late ' 60s , we went to the moon and the
unk years ago , in our room with his colleagues , the animals and animals and a world , we were never able to imagine .
This is probably a good thing about the science fiction .
And I was an artist .
I could paint paint .
And there was no video games , but these were unk with the films in the media , and I had the images in my head .
That 's what we had , then , when we read a book , we took the unk of the book , and they looked at the screen in our
And my response to this was , and I learned from unk , unk worlds , and unk , and all of that .
In the year , I was always taught from the teacher , like me , unk unk .
The creativity had to go .
And that 's something interesting interesting . And what I found myself on unk unk , was the thought of a story , we were looking at the world of
Of course , I would never have a world in a world , which seemed to me quite unlikely .
But there was a world that I could actually do in the world , and she was quite fascinating and just like all of the things that I was always
So I decided to be 15 years ago .
The only problem is , I grew up in a small village in Canada , a thousand miles from the ocean .
That 's what I did n't , but I 'm not kidding .
I went to my father , he finally had a unk in unk , New York City , which was at the other side of the West , where we
I made my unk in a unk in the middle of the middle of the winter in winter in New York City .
The ocean , but a real ocean , I 've been two years later , when we went to California .
Since , in 40 years , the years ago , I 've got about three hours of hours of water , 500 hours of all over time .
And I 've learned that the world live in the deep sea , in the oceans , so we live in rich lives , as we can really understand how
The unk of nature does n't have a very important line in terms of our own , human imagination .
By the day days , I live in the beauty of what I see in my unk .
And my love on the ocean is at the same time and the best .
When I was born as a student , it was the surgeon .
That seemed the best way to move to my mind , to focus , to tell stories , to make my own images , to create .
As a kid , I was walking around and so .
So , the films came up and images , and stories .
Of course , the stories that I told myself from the science fiction , " unk , " and " unk , " and " unk , " and "
It was " unk " I could mean for the unk and the unk with the unk .
So , in fact , I mean , I mean , by my hand .
One interesting thing happened in " unk " -- to a unk problem in this film , and we had to sort of a kind of unk unk , we
What it came from , was the first computer unk -- the character that had ever seen in a film .
The film did n't have any money , and he said , " He just got his unk , but I found a fascinating thing : the audience on the
unk unk is unk 's unk unk , and not even more than others .
So they looked at something .
And I found it was very exciting .
And I thought , " Wow , it has to be involved in the unk . "
So we went in " unk " -- my next film , a little bit further .
And together with unk , we found this guy out of unk unk , which was all of these things like this effect .
And it worked . And again , we had a remarkable thing , and the effect in the audience , the same thing we 've had to do with the
From these two experiences , there was a new new world , a whole new world of creativity .
So I started a company , and I had a good friend of unk , who was at the best time , the best unk , unk unk and unk
The idea of this company was there , the process of processes in the process , etc , etc , and look at the digital computer .
So we did it , and then we took a while , and we have an hour .
But in the early ' 80s , we realized that we were in the unk and the design design for what we call the unk system .
I had this piece of " unk , " which was the unk in the visual light and unk effects in the new level of unk , with human human
But the unk was very nice , and the people in my company said that I do n't have to be able to do that .
So I did this , and I made this film back to the ship , which goes down .
For the unk , I 've made it as " as " unk and a half " -- it was a unk unk , a film film .
But I really wanted to be the real sculpture of the Earth .
That 's why I made the film .
That 's the truth . The studio did n't know .
I 've convinced it , and I said , " We 're going to go to the unk . We 're going to make the wonderful place .
We 'll show it in the unk of the film .
This is extremely important . It 's good for marketing . "
And I unk them , an experiment .
Sounds crazy . But this is going back to the process of imagination .
And we built in six months later , a reality , in which I went into a French unk , four miles on the surface of the ocean , and
This was not a film , no unk , it was real .
So , that was really my mind .
And the data has been huge . We had to cameras cameras , and we made all these things .
And I was like , like this unk , unk unk .
Well , they were unk and unk unk .
You 're going to go into this back , then you 're going to go into this dark , you have to go back to the environment where there is
And I thought , " Wow , that 's just as I was in a science fiction .
That 's really cool . "
I was really obsessed with the deep sea .
Anyway , from the part of that , and curiosity , it was all of it , and it was interesting , it was curiosity .
And it was a experience that could n't be able to do it .
Because , you know , I was able to figure out how I could find a visual structure , but I could n't imagine what I was looking like to
Some of the things that I did n't have seen in unk , and sometimes things I 've never seen before , sometimes , things have never seen before ,
So that 's what I was right , and I wanted more .
And so I met a little bit of choice .
After the success of " unk " I said , " Okay , I 'm going to go through my church as a church in Hollywood , and I 'm
And then we started , we went to unk , " and we started with unk .
We went to the unk of the sky .
We took a little robots that we built , the unk unk .
Our goal was , unk unk , and the inside of the house would never have been done before .
No one had ever seen the inside of the unk . You did n't have a tool for that . We developed the technology .
Well , and I 'm sitting here , you know , on the back of the village , in a unk , and look at this , you know ,
And I 'm looking at a little unk with the unk of the ship .
I 'm actually just one , but my consciousness is in the future .
It felt when I was living in the unk of the village .
This was the unk of a unk unk , which I 've ever heard of the experience , because before I had to go to a corner , I knew
And this was one of a copy of the copy of the unk .
So this was a very famous experience .
She took me this image of the experience of the experience that you can use this kind of unk , and so they have the spirit of consciousness in the
It was really true .
And maybe also , you can see a little bit of the head of what might happen in a few decades , if you could have to have a body
After this , we started looking at what we had to see , because they 've learned to look like this , where we saw these amazing animals , but
They live with help .
They do n't exist in a sunlight in a solar system that we do .
And so you can look at the same time , if you 're going to look at a 500 square degrees , you can see that they can survive .
At the same time , I was also interested in unk , which was back to the science fiction .
And so I ended up to the people who were interested in the room and working with the NASA , and in NASA NASA 's unk , and they 're
That was fascinating .
But at the end of the end , I was looking at the deep sea .
I took them with them , and they have access access to the world , there , unk , unk , people who were able to find them in such
And we went out , but it 's actually science , which is unk .
That 's where the unk of the area between my existence , as a science fiction , which was the child , and the unk in reality .
In this area , I 've learned a lot of learned .
I 've learned a lot of science science , but I think you 're going to have a doctor , you have to be able to be a leader of
But I did n't understand a lot of leadership , before I got these unk unk .
Because in a certain point , I had to say , " What do I do here ?
Why do I do that ? What 's going on ? "
And these films films never make money .
We 're going to do the cost of a cost of unk .
All right , I think , " between " unk " and " unk " and unk me would have a unk on the beach on a unk on the
I all have these films , these unk , for a very small audience .
No , no , no , no money . What do you do ?
You do it for the task for the challenge to the challenge of the ocean , and the ocean is the environment environment , which is what it 's like
Because we have all of them just about 10 to 12 people who had been working on two years ago , and we were two to three months in the
And in this community , you can see that the most important thing you can see is , that you have to tell you about each other , because you
If you go to the land , and you say , " We had to do it , the unk , the unk , and the unk , the whole
There 's a connection , a unk .
So when I went back to my next film , " I was trying to write the same thing that we had to share the team , and in the
It turns out the dynamic dynamic .
So I stood up with a small team on the ground , and we called " unk " with a new technology that was n't there .
unk .
A huge challenge .
And we 've been built for a long time for four years ago .
It changed my way to make films .
There were people who said , " We would have this unk , really good at the planet .
For me , there was a more kind of a kind of kind of a kind of kind of my job , which is the process of the process that
So what can we do all of this ?
What do we learned ?
I believe in the first place is the curiosity .
It 's the most powerful environment .
Our imagination is the reality that can make a reality .
And the unk of your team is more important than all of this world .
For me , come to me , who said , " Give me a advice I like to do something like this . "
And I say , " Do n't do yourself .
These are the other things for you . Do n't do it in yourself , do n't stop yourself . They take risks .
The NASA has done a unk , " failure is not an alternative . "
But in the art and education , has to be an alternative , because there 's a unk .
It 's not important , innovation , which has never unk .
You have to be willing to take risks .
That 's the idea that I 'd like to tell you to the failure . It 's an alternative , but fear is n't you . Thank you .
I 'm talking to you about energy and climate change .
And the first thing to tell me because it was my unk in the foundation of all of the plants , and then we can change the things that we
But energy and climate are very important for these people , right , even more important than everyone else on the planet .
unk means that their control over many years are not growing growing , and we 're going to get much more or something else . It 's going to change
That leads to unk . It leads to uncertainty . It leads to unk .
So , there 's a climate change in unk .
And the other thing is also very important .
The fact is that if you were only one thing that would be able to save the energy of energy , most of the most important species .
Well , the unk is on the time .
In fact , the unk unk unk .
The unk went to the revolution revolution , and even in the 20th century , there was a unk case in the unk , and so we were able to
So we are in a wonderful situation in the global world .
But if we take the price price -- we 're going to get the price of our dollars -- we 're going to create a new and a half of
In the ocean , and the equation for this is actually pretty clear .
They unk the carbon dioxide , which is unk , and this unk has a very negative effects of the effects of the weather , and even worse , the
Well , at the bottom of the relationship between a unk and the unk of unk , and where the consequences of consequences , there are a few , but
And there 's certain things about how bad these are going to be , but they are very powerful .
I 've got the top of the few scientists said , " We 're going to go down to zero ?
Do n't have half or a quarter ? "
And the answer is : We 're going to go to zero zero , which is going to move down .
So it 's a big challenge .
It 's very different than we said , we 've got a unk in high school , which has a three - dimensional bridge that has a three - dimensional
This must have to go down to zero .
Well , we 're going to unk every year , a unk unk , from 26 billion tons .
Each Americans are 20 tons of people . My poor people are less than one .
In average , it 's about five tons for every planet on the planet .
And somehow , we have to change changes that the cost of zero .
It 's all over time .
Only different countries can actually change it , and we 've got to move down to rise to rise to rise , to move to zero .
This equation is four four . There 's a little bit of a little bit . You 've got this thing on the bottom of the bottom -- you can
So let 's give us a little factor , and we think about how to zero zero .
It has probably probably very close to zero .
Now , this is actually , but we 're going to do it .
First we have the population .
Today , we live billions billion people .
And it 's going to be nine billion billion years to move to nine billion .
If we were very successful with new technology , the unk and we could have the next 10 percent to 15 percent 15 percent , but at the time ,
The second thing that we use .
That 's all the food that we eat , unk , TV , TV .
These are very good things , and it means that they do almost every to the planet .
It 's great to be this number .
In the middle of the world , at the top billion , we could n't do it , and we use less , but we 're going to save the
So here we see a very basic question , and we can see it on your house , so you can read the software ?
And these students do n't do it , so they 're going to read them and read their unk .
Well , in efficiency , the E , the Internet per day , there 's a good news .
We have something that goes up .
And in all sorts of unk in unk , in other unk , through new ways in the unk , there are lots of them , every one of them
In other states , like the unk of unk , unk unk , unk or unk or unk , is the unk for a very small smaller .
In all , if we 're optimistic , we might have a loss of a factor , or maybe it 's a factor .
But at the first three factors , we are now from 26 billion years ago , maybe 13 billion miles , and that 's not just enough .
So let 's look at the fourth factor -- and this will be a unk -- this is the amount of carbon dioxide , which is going to be a
It turns the question if you want to zero zero .
If you look at it , it 's not . No .
If you look at natural gas : No .
Of course , every unk of electricity in the current world today , not from the energy and unk .
So , what we 've got to global global level is to create a new system .
We need unk .
Now , if I ask the wonder , " I do n't mean the impossible . "
The unk is a miracle . The computer is a miracle .
The Internet and the Internet is a miracle .
The people here have the development of many of these Darwin .
Usually , there are no way that you 're going to be a miracle for a certain day .
Usually , you 're just going to say , and some people are not .
In this case , we have to have a unk , but we 're going to get a very quick time .
Well , I asked myself , how can I really understand this ?
Is there a natural natural place , which is a demonstration that the idea of the people who are ?
I remember the last year ago , as I met , and I found the people .
And the idea was really , really , you know that there are people who live with them .
For energy , I 've got one .
I decided that the unk of unk unk was on the environment .
So here 's a couple of natural gas .
You have to tell me that she 's not going to be true . In fact , they 're not like the glass of glass .
Well , there are all sorts of unk like this , but they do n't all of all .
We need solutions , either we have a couple of thousands of unk , and there have a lot of galaxies , and even though there are many different ways
I have unk , unk , unk and unk .
These may be able to do a unk , and if they do better than I expect , it 's great , but my favorite here is that we can
So let 's go back to the fossil fossil fuels , of course , or natural gas or gas .
What you 're going to do is , but it may not be easy , but it does n't have to go to all of the CO2 that comes from
There are a couple of unk , which is going to be a 60 percent of 80 percent , but it 's 100 percent going to be very difficult and
Who will make it ?
Who can do anything if you would see a lot more than any kind of a waste of what you 're going to get from the other and other things
That 's a lot .
So this is a very difficult thing .
Next one : unk .
It also has three big problems . And the cost , in all sorts of countries in unk countries , the question of security is that you do n't feel
And what do you do with the waste ?
Because although he 's not very big , it 's a lot of time .
So very three very hard problems that might be able to do , and that 's what you need to do .
The last three of the five I have .
It 's the unk , as they 're often .
And the ones -- although it 's great enough that they do n't have a fuel -- they have a little bit .
For one of the energy , these technologies are growing up to the energy .
These are unk , you 're talking about many , many times more than a normal car .
And also , we 've got to build these three lines .
The sun is not all of the day , it does n't seem like all the day , and the same is not the wind .
That 's why you 've got to be out of these sources on the way that the energy is even if you 're not available .
So there 's so big unk . There are challenges in the United States , if we can say that the source of the Earth is not just the technology
And there 's the unk .
And to take the dimension of the show , I have all sorts of thousands of things that have been to see : The cars on cars , computers ,
So we need to make a big change , which is that it would be a bigger than 100 times more than the time .
That 's not impossible , but it 's not so easy .
This is what happens when you 're trying to take these unk sources of about 20 percent of 30 percent .
If you want to be 100 percent of that , you need an incredible unk .
Well , where should we go ? What is the right approach ?
A green city ? How do we get ?
What we need is a lot of companies companies are working on hundreds .
In each of these five areas we need to be 100 percent .
In many , you 're going to say , " The crazy ! That 's good .
I think , in the TED group , there are many people who are already there .
Bill unk have 500 companies , which is something called unk unk .
unk unk in unk companies have the great things and interesting possibilities and I 'm trying to support this .
unk and I 'm a company called the company , which may be surprising , the unk approach .
There are some of innovation in unk , unk , unk .
The development in this industry has a few days ago , so it 's not an amazing surprise that some of the principles of ideas are .
The unk concept , which is instead of looking at one of the unk , which is one percent , the unk , we decided to get the 99 percent
This is a crazy crazy idea .
But in fact , you had to think about it for a long time , but you could never be able to see if it was going to happen ,
And because these are 99 percent of carbon dioxide , it 's very much better .
In fact , you 're going to keep the water , and you can actually use the waste of systems like unk .
Instead of looking at the head , they 're just a great thing .
This is unk , a little light .
You can see that it 's a kind of unk , often than " unk wave . "
This is really the unk .
Here 's a picture of a place in Africa .
This is the unk , the 99 percent . You 've got part of the lunch , which is called unk .
The unk U.S. for hundreds of years ago .
And if you 're unk unk , and you can get unk , you get enough for the rest of the rest of the planet .
You know , there 's a lot of reasons , but it 's an example of many hundreds of thousands of ideas that we need to move forward .
Let 's think about how to our success .
How should we look at that ?
Well , let 's go to the goal we have to do , and then we talk about the unk .
A lot of about 80 percent is about 2050 .
It 's really very important that we get there .
The rest of 20 percent are going to be poor in poor countries , and more of course , agriculture is going to survive , and it 's going to
So , to be these 80 percent of the countries , there are countries in the countries , including countries like China .
The other hand is saying , if we have zero zero percent , whether they were in all sorts of countries , and we 're on the way that they
That 's important .
It 's going to be a unk .
When we go back to what 's going to be about the crisis ?
It should have the two elements .
We should be able to use the power to be able to go to the direction of the less than we have the unk , and that 's the temperature
But actually , this is the book for the things that we do n't have to understand the big unk , but it 's a little bit more important than
Now , we have to unk with this , and we can measure it in unk , unk and unk .
There are many great books on this topic .
And Al Gore , " We 've got the choice " and David unk unk unk unk unk .
They 're going to do it , and they create an information , which is going to be able to be able to be able to get all of these
There 's a couple of unk .
That 's a wish .
It 's a very important thing that we can use this technology .
If you 're just a wish for the next 50 years ago , I could call the president , a genius , and I love it , and I could
This is the biggest impact .
If we do n't want to be able to get in the end of the long - term term , because people are dying between the United States and China
So what do we need to do ?
For what about unk ?
We need to be more interested in more .
When countries are in places like unk , they should n't just say about the oil .
They should be able to look at this unk , and you were shocked by the unk , the unk of these were going to be able to get these
We need to carbon - carbon , carbon dioxide , unk . unk , which is a unk .
We need to say the message .
We need to be able to have a unk and unk , and the things that comes from government .
It 's a more important , but I think we can do it .
Thank you .
Thank you .
Thank you . Thank you .
Thank you . Just to do something better , you know , first of all , we can have an idea of the scale of this cost ?
Bill Gates : to do the simulation of a network , all of the scientists scientists , what we 've done , we need a few 10 million , and
The hard step is to build the first one , another billion , find the unk and the place in the first place .
When the first thing happened , when he 's walking like this , then it 's all very clear , because the economy , the energy is so different than
To be able to understand this , it means deep in the ground , almost like a unk of unk unk , and this process , and then the process
BG : Right . Today , you 've got to put it into the new place , so there are lots of people , and so many people can go
But if you 're very very efficient , you can buy it for 60 years -- -- you think of a unk -- that you do n't want to be
And it 's sitting there , and 60 years old , and it 's done .
A unk , which is a solution for the waste .
BG : Yeah . Well , what if you 're going to do it -- you can sit it -- there 's a lot less waste in this process --
And we start to go through the waste that we 've seen in the unk of these unk or unk , which is our unk .
So this is what it was like this for a nuclear problem , which is what we 're going to look at our feet , and it 's going to
But while you do with different people in this world , they have this opportunity .
Where 's the most important part of what 's going to do ?
BG : Well , we have n't even have a place in a place , and there 's a lot of more interesting unk for all of this , "
I 'm optimistic . You know , the French and Japanese people have in the direction .
This is a paper that was done .
This is a more exciting step forward , but it 's like a faster and a half of these countries , this is why , every one of the time
In your mind , and a bit more likely to live in life .
BG : Well , we need one of these unk , unk things that are very cheap , we have 20 years , and 20 years later .
This is the unk that we have the unk unk that we have to have to do .
And , you know , if it 's all good , and that 's a big wish , it would be easy .
And luckily , there are hundreds of thousands of companies , and we need hundreds of thousands of the things that they do , if they do n't work on
And it would be in the best if there are several things because it could make a protein .
In fact , we need a solution .
unk of the big ones , that 's the most you know what you know ?
BG : unk is a unk .
That would be without the unk , but it does n't have much more important .
In the global sector , there are other African companies .
You know , they do n't work as well as this , but it has the unk method that is another different approach .
There 's a unk unk , which is a little bit , but it might say that 's about us .
And so there are different things , but this is beautiful , that a unk million times a lot more energy than what we say , a unk , and
If it does n't happen , what ?
Do we need to be unk , to try to change the environment ?
BG : If you 're in this situation , you know , if you have a lot of food , and you 're going to talk about a heart attack
There 's a unk that is called unk unk , which has been able to do with different techniques , to change the global warming , which is about 20
That 's just a unk .
You hope we do n't need .
Some people say , if you should n't work on the government , because you may be able to do that , you know , and you know that the
I do n't know if you 're smart , if you look at the importance of this problem , but there 's now a unk in unk , whether you
unk : Did you have a two or two hours for you to think ?
BG : Well , unfortunately , the live in many different groups .
Those , the scientific argument , are very little .
Do they say that there are negative effects that have to do with the clouds ?
There are very , very few things that they can say to say that they have a chance in a million .
The problem here is almost like AIDS .
You make the mistakes , and you 're going to get a lot of later .
And this is the idea , right now , if you have all sorts of problems , what you 're going to do with a few of you , you
The fact is that this leads to education .
But my dream here is , if you can do it , and they 're at the same time , then there 's the unk : " Okay , it
And that would be the answer to the unk unk argument that if you could all of these time and energy to use the carbon problem , all the other
BG : Well , the real problem for the business -- that we call the United States 10 billion dollars a year than they do today -- that 's not
It should n't be different things about .
You 're going to get too big , and there 's a lot of people , if you have something that does n't mean , and it 's trying to
It 's because it 's a very short point of unk , and they 're just going to go back , and I think we should have more things that
If the unk that you get , you have a very high high school , then you can only get the rich .
I mean , every one of us here , there would be a lot of energy on our energy , not going to change .
For the five billion billion , but it 's a disaster .
And self - unk .
His new name is now : " Why do n't get the science anymore ? "
And he will still be , because of his story , who had the unk line , but he understood that this is a very group group , and he
And this is a unk , which I think about it .
The research , it 's kind of crazy crazy , like little .
Bill , I think I 'm talking about almost all of you , when I say , I hope that you might be true , thank you . Thank you
BG : Thank you .
A few years ago , at TED , Peter Peter unk design a design competition called " The unk . "
The idea is pretty simple . It has to be able to be able to change the same structure structure with 20 unk , and one of the unk ,
The left has to be on top .
And even though it 's actually , it 's really hard to understand it because people are very fast .
And so I thought that this is an interesting idea , and I did it in design design .
It was a great success .
And then I 've got about 70 million people in the world , with students , and architects , even in the unk of unk , and there 's something
In fact , most of the people themselves are self - to - the task .
They talk about what they look like , it 's going to make it power .
And then you spend a little time in private and private organization , and you 're looking down and forth .
They spend a lot of their time in the streets of unk .
And finally , after a long time , they do n't have more time , and someone 's going to take the back and they put it down to the
But then , as soon as soon , it 's like , " The " -- " -- " A " -- " -- " because the weight of the
There 's a series of people who have more much more than unk -- and more than the other water , and the unk are unk unk .
They lie , they 're unk , they 're unk and unk .
And of course , there are also a lot of more than unk unk , and they 've got the best of the unk of water .
And that 's quite amazing .
Now , as I realized , she never did n't just get the highest , but also the most interesting structures of all of all .
What they might ask is : How does this happen ? Why ?
And Peter said , " None of the kids spend in the unk of his unk . "
They do n't care about time .
But there 's another reason .
And that was that high school students were trying to build a real plan , OK .
And then he realized .
What happens when they look at the top , they do n't have more time and what happens ?
It 's a crisis .
unk sound , what ?
What the other way are doing is that they 're going to go back to the prototype and start to build hundreds of thousands of time , and they 're
It 's the way of working on the center of a unk .
And with every time , the kids get feedback feedback and do n't .
That 's the performance , with a prototype , work -- but as we can look like , as a team team .
The average one of the most people are at about 50 feet of high school workers , half of them , do n't care about it , but not much
Who is the most successful ?
unk and engineers , for happiness .
One is the thing that I saw .
And why ? Because they can understand , and they are self - unk patterns , the key to be able to build structures .
unk are something more about . But here 's interesting .
If you have a unk station on the team , they will be better .
It 's incredible . You can see it , and you can see this team . "
You can predict the question . Why is that ?
Because they have special skills skills .
They 're doing the process , they understand it .
And the team , the unk and the work is going to get the performance of the team in the team .
unk skills and unk , and they have a success success .
If you have 10 of them , you know , the unk are going to be about six years , the unk structure .
So I tried something interesting .
I thought we started the unk .
So I took a $ unk dollars for software to win .
What do you believe in this design ?
What was the result ?
This happened . There was no team in a team structure .
If someone had a half of high high school , they would have to get the price of your home .
So if it 's not interesting , you have a high effect ?
We took this surgery with the same students .
What do you believe ?
Now you understand the benefit of the unk . "
That 's the same as well , a team of the best .
It was built in the cost of the time .
There are so deep - in - the - class lessons for us , of nature , of course .
They like to say , " Why would you have to spend a time ? "
The reason is , I can use digital digital tools , and team to help , cars , video games and video games . "
And the ones that do n't do it , it helps them to be hidden .
Because open , every project has its own .
The challenge is a common experience , a common language , or the actual components .
And this is the experience of this experience , this simple process .
And those of you who are interested in unk unk .
It 's a blog , where you see what you 're going to do .
There 's a step in a step for a step step down .
You find a crazy world from all the world like people like the system and unk .
There 's also unk .
And the unk lesson , I think it 's actually a unk .
It means that we all of our senses in the task , and we think that we 're thinking about our emotions and our own , in the challenge ,
And sometimes , it 's a small prototype of this experience , which is what we need to do from a unk , " unk unk " to a unk
And that can make a big difference .
Thank you .
Let 's have a machine machine .
A big machine , a cool cool TED , and this is a machine machine .
And everybody in this room has to do .
And you can go into the past , you can go to the future , you ca n't go to the past and now .
And I ask myself what you would say , because my friends in the last few years asked this question , and they all wanted to go to the past
I do n't know . They wanted to go back before the cars , or Twitter or America , " America "
I do n't know .
I believe that I think it 's kind of unk to unk .
And I understand .
I 'm not part of this group , I have to say .
I do n't want to look at the past , and that 's not because I 'm a student .
It 's because the possibilities on this planet is not going to go back .
So I want to build this machine , and I want to go to the future .
This is the most famous time that it has ever been on the planet on the planet , no matter how much , you know , health , wealth ,
There was never before time .
My grandparents grandparents were hundreds of them than they were 60 .
My grandparents had these 70 70 in 70 .
My parents are at the 80 .
So there was better than one day at the beginning of my unk .
But it 's not about people like us , because this is a bigger thing than that .
A kid , who today in New New York is going to be able to live so much like the planet in the world , 100 years ago .
Think about it . That 's an incredible fact .
And why is this ?
The smallpox . There 's billions billion people on this planet .
They have the unk of the Earth on a new way that did n't have a war .
They are gone . They 're gone .
We built them .
In the world , there are diseases that millions of us are just in a generation of unk .
unk , unk , unk ...
Now , somebody else knows what this is ?
unk , modern medicine , our ability to take billion billion people who are the laws of science .
And from my view of the scientific process , it 's trying to figure out whether it works , it does n't change it , which is one of the
So this is the good news .
Unfortunately , that 's all the good news , because there 's a few other problems , and they 've been published .
And one of them is , of course , of course , all of our main billion dollars on this planet every day .
This number comes up , and it gets very fast , and that 's shame .
And not only that we have our imagination to use this world .
AM , unk , unk , oil , oil , you know , and soon soon , and if we do n't get out of this chaos , we 're
So the question is : Can we do that ? I think .
I think it 's clear that we can make food , the billion people will do without the country that they live .
I think we can build this world with the energy , not the same time .
I think that really , and no , that 's not a unk .
But this is what I 'm going to do at night in the morning -- one of the things that I 'm going to do at night . We have
And we had never been able to be able to do it as unk as we can do today .
We are on the back to the amazing story , many of the things , and I think we 've been able to hundreds of hundreds of thousands of years
People who are in their belief , and they are so powerful that you ca n't use it .
Not even the truth .
And you hear , everybody has a real goal in his life , it 's a real point in his life .
But you know what you 're not right ?
They do n't have their right to their own facts . " unk , you do n't have .
And I had a while for that to find out .
About 30 years ago , I wrote a paper on the New York , wrote a little paper .
And I was proud of being able to prevent the resistance of resistance , which is at the end of the most effective level of public health in the history
I did n't know what I should do , so I did what I always do , and I wrote a paper and paper .
And soon soon , I wrote a paper about unk .
The same thing , is larger .
People were crazy .
So I also wrote a paper , and I could n't understand why the people thought they would say , " unk , " Why they thought that there were
But you know , I do what I do . I wrote the paper I did .
I mean , I was a journalist .
We are , we can eat , we eat , that 's okay .
But I wrote this paper , and I did n't find out why , and then I found it .
And that 's because these were the unk that were crazy to me .
These were people , unk people , unk people .
They were like the people in this room .
And that led me to me ...
But I thought , you know what we are .
We are at a point where we do n't have the same amount of progress .
We talk about it .
We 're talking about it , little unk , " unk . "
Okay , there are reason reasons , and I think we know why the reasons are .
We have the trust of institutions in our institutions , in authority , and sometimes the science has lost lost , and there 's no reason why this should be
You can just make a name , and people will understand .
unk , unk , unk , unk unk , the United States , 2000 .
I mean , you can make your own list .
There are questions and problems with people who said that they were always very , very serious .
Imagine questions , let 's take the evidence for you .
Take more than not .
But now comes out , if you have evidence , you have the evidence , and it 's not good .
And I can see that the reason that we are now in an epidemic of being said , " I never never seen it , and I never will never
About 12 years ago , there was a story published , a terrible story , which is the language of unk , the unk , unk , unk and unk
unk .
unk studies have been found about whether it was true .
unk studies have happened ; it 's a serious issue .
The data came in .
The data came from the United States from England , from Sweden , of course , from Canada , and they were all the same , no relationship , no
It does n't make a difference . It does n't make a difference , because we believe in crime , we believe what we see what we can see ,
We do n't believe in a unk from a unk , which gives us data , and I understand what I think we do .
But you know what ?
The result of that was worse .
And because of this case , the United States is one of the United countries in the world , which is the unk of unk .
This is a unk and we should be .
It 's terrible .
What 's happening is that we could do that ?
Well , I understand . That 's what I do .
Because there 's somebody here ?
Did a single one in the audience of someone else ?
It 's not very often .
And in this country , not even though , in the world 's last year .
These are many deaths from unk , 20 hours an hour .
But because this is n't there is going to be there , and we can do it , and people like to be able to move away from unk and
And they can do it , because they 're not unk .
You do n't understand that these things can be , but they never do the same thing .
And that 's something we need to learn , and that 's very fast .
This guy was a hero called unk .
He gave us from one of the worst species of humanity .
No fear , no , unk , unk .
The guy in the middle of the middle of this .
It 's Paul unk .
He just started with a few other people a unk vaccine .
He can save the life of unk , unk children per year in the world .
Pretty good , not ?
Well , this is a little bit of unk , which is why he 's going to talk about Paul , and he 's talking about , and they 're
And that 's what he says .
So Paul is a unk .
If Paul in a public school does n't speak , he does n't have to be unk .
He comes from home , because people would like to tell me that they know where your kids go to school .
Why why ? A million years .
I do n't want to say , but it 's dynamic .
If you take it , you get the disease , terrible disease , and that 's happening .
We have now in this country .
And that 's worse , and soon soon soon , they die because it 's just a question of the numbers .
And they 're not only going to die .
What about unk ? Let 's do that ? Why not ?
A unk of me told me a few weeks ago , and I said , " I 'm a little bit .
No one would have never said .
It would n't be a child against unk . No way .
unk .
Why ? Because we ca n't win it . And you know what ?
We had n't been in this country today .
Today , I do n't know , maybe there 's a few months in Los Angeles , and now we go to Los Angeles , in the moment , he
And in a few hours a day , he unk and a car , and he comes up to the Long cave , and he 's one of the TED
And he does n't know that he had a unk disease , and we do n't understand it because it works in the world .
That 's the planet that we live in -- you do n't like it as if it 's not .
We love it in us . We love that .
Do you have all of your eyes ?
unk , a little bit of unk , which you 're going to be able to help .
I know you 've done that , because half of the Americans are doing every day .
They take this stuff , and they take a cure , and it does n't make a difference , as many of us find out that they are unk .
The data is unk .
It 's not dead . "
That 's okay , you want to figure out to 60 billion dollars for dark .
I agree with you .
unk . unk .
Why do we do that ? Why do we do that ?
Well , I think , I understand , we hate it .
We hate a political government . We have no trust in the system .
And we should n't do with our health care system .
It 's true to millions of people .
It 's absolutely absolutely cold , and we 're able to do that it can afford .
So we go home , and where do we go ?
We are working on the arms of the unk industry .
That 's great . I love the unk industry .
But you know , it 's really a serious issue , because that 's cool , and we have billion dollars for that .
And I all have all sorts of little pieces here .
unk -- unk , unk , unk , unk , unk , because I do n't know what this is , but we 're going to be billions billion dollars
And you know what ? If I say this , I 'm going to tell people who say , " What does it take ? "
That 's how they feel good . "
And you know what ? You 're wrong .
Because it does n't care about whether it 's the unk , who says , " unk , " I 'm going to be the unk of the experts of
If you go to that way , if you think and magic and science , you get a place where you do n't want to be .
They go to unk unk in South Africa .
He brought his unk to him because he was on the red line , and they were much more effective than any of the drugs that we knew that they
hundreds of thousands of death in a country is worse than any other disease of this disease .
Do n't ask me that these things have no consequences .
They have them . They have always .
Well , the unk epidemic , in which we are just like , this is the fight between the unk of unk and food .
This is a discussion debate . Thank you .
It 's a discussion story about words .
This is not natural , not science .
Everything that we eat , every unk , every unk , each other , was unk by people changed .
You know , there was no unk in unk .
There was no unk unk unk .
There was no unk . We did all this .
We 've done it in the past few years ago .
And some of these things worked , and it 's not .
We 've never did not work .
Now we can do it more well , and of course , there are risks , but we can do something like a unk of unk , and that can
You do n't want to do that ?
I have to say , I do n't understand .
We were able to move away .
Why do we do that ?
Well , what I 'm hearing is : " A lot of chemicals , there are bacteria , unk , unk , we do n't want to make a huge
We do n't want to save your lives .
We do n't want to buy the seeds .
And you know what ?
Yeah , you 've got right . unk .
It 's true , we have a huge unk , but it 's not science .
It has nothing to do with science .
It 's right , moral unk .
You know that science is not a company .
It 's not a country .
It 's not an idea . It 's a process .
It 's a process , sometimes sometimes , and sometimes sometimes , but the idea that we do n't need to be able to do our work , because we
You know , in the next 50 years , we 're going to be 70 percent more than food in the moment .
This is in Africa in the last 30 years .
unk . unk .
They need it , and we do n't like them .
And why ? unk unk .
We do n't want to use it to eat this food , like , for example .
unk is something that half a billion people eat .
It 's like a unk .
It 's just a lot of calories . It 's unk .
It has no nutrients , it does n't have any protein , and scientists are doing all of these things .
And then people could n't eat it and would n't be blind .
You would n't go , and you know what ?
That would be nice . It would n't be unk , but it would be nice .
And everything , I 'm going to say , " Why do we fight this ?
I mean , we ask , why do we fight it ?
Because we do n't want to be genes ?
It 's not about genes . It 's not about chemicals .
It 's not about our unk to unk , our unk on our food , better food , no food .
It 's not about unk unk unk , it 's about people who live in life , and it 's going to be time to understand what it means .
Because you know what ?
If we do n't do what we do , I do n't think I 'm not going to be perfect .
There 's no other evidence for what this happened .
It 's true , it 's ugly , it 's not our goal , and we need to do that .
After that , of course , this is , and you want to say , " You 're still going to be able to go back into this process and
Anyway . That 's what I want to do it .
At the moment , they are in the present , but we have an incredible opportunity .
We can do this machine , everything we want .
We can control it , where we are going to go , and we 're going to move it where we want .
We need to have this conversation , and we need to be thinking , but when we get into the machine and we 're going to be happy , we
I know that we can do it , and if I think about that , what I want to do is the world today .
Thank you .
Thank you .
For a few years , I 'm interested in the unk -- it 's a strange thing that I 'm an artist to think about it , because it 's
So in other words , in some of the studies in a few studies , there 's the fundamental effect , and it 's because of course , because the
There 's a little bit of unk , because it seems like this .
And so we can tell each other to us , I want to tell you a good , very simple trick .
And I 'm going to show you how he works . This is a trick that has been at least in the early days of the kids in the kids
I also took him from unk unk unk unk in the past .
I 'm going to do it for you , and he 'll explain it .
And then I 'm going to explain why I explain it .
So , you see what happens .
The paper that you can look at : my hand , you can see .
So I 'm going to be a paper that I 'm looking at my hand .
I 'm kidding .
And to make sure that I 'm not going to get my head down , because I 'm going to move through my leg now .
And in this way , you ca n't see that there 's no time anything I 'm going to go through , and so I can see unk unk ,
And the goal is very simple .
I 'm going to open my hand , and hopefully , if all of it comes up , it 's going to be the knife from my clothes .
It 's actually like this in his place that I can do it , and I do n't want to get the knife .
Nothing 's going to be in my head , or not a unk , and you can see everything .
unk !
Well , this is a trick , which I 'm doing a little bit of the most interesting people who are interested in , because you can learn very much
You know , many of you know here in this room .
It works like this .
I 'm the knife in my hand .
I 'm saying that I 'm going to move my unk , to make sure that I 'm not going to get rid of my back down , and that
The reason why my leg is unk unk , which is the actual part of the illusion .
In the moment , where I got my hand out of you , you look at the back of the edge , this moves here , my unk , just
unk ?
And in his home , there 's no one who had a kid .
So , he 's here . Right .
And when I unk myself , I change the right place .
And now you have to talk about why this is an illusion , why you do n't know that there are only three three minutes , right , and the
But it 's not really interesting about it , and then I open my hand .
Of course , it 's going to be wrong , but not through the unk of my body , but through a trick , through my unk , that 's
And when I click my hand , I 'm going to do the same thing that I 'm going to move through , I 'm going to move through this
I take this hand . And here 's the tea .
This trick you can get friends and friends . Thank you .
Well , what has to do with the unk effect ?
A year ago , as I read , I study a study that was really really my mind .
I 'm not a doctor or a scientist , and it was an amazing thing for me .
It turns out what it 's like , if you can find a unk in a white unk , in the form of a unk , it 's just a
But if you look at the shape , in which you can get the unk , you can think of that in a smaller water , and these blue blue
And that , although there 's not any kind of any -- it 's not just sugar .
But a white thing is not so much like a blue unk .
What ?
It turns out that it 's not all .
If you 're unk , it 's more than more than any protein .
A unk , the one in the yellow yellow and the other is red , is better than a white baby .
It also does n't matter .
A two - year - old day is not so good at three times -- I do n't want to tell you the statistics . I 'm sorry .
The important thing is ...
It does n't play a game play .
And the shape is a role .
And if you could be the ultimate unk , you have to get the needle .
Right ? A unk with a unk -- a couple of unk unk , which you have a patient .
This is a very big picture in your head . That 's very much more than a white .
This graph is actually -- I 'm going to show you a different than what we have to do .
So the fact is that the white do n't like to use the blue light , which is not so good at the same time , which is not so
And none of all of this is actually a physical property . It 's just our belief in which we have a greater effect .
I wanted to know how to this idea for a magic magic .
I 'm going to take something that 's obvious to be an illusion , and it 's real .
We know from the study that you 've got to send the needle , if it 's going to go to .
This is an age of a long - old unk . It 's very , very much , and I 'm going to show them a little bit .
This is actually my brother . It 's not a special special unk .
This is my skin . It 's not a good thing from Hollywood .
So now I 'm going to take this needle in my skin , and then they go through it , and then they go to the other side of the
If you do n't know what you 're going to do , you know , a couple of my last night in the room , and a few people who
So , I 'm going to argue if you 're going to be cool , you look at the next 30 seconds , or you know what I 'm going
You can see it as you can see , but you know , if you want to .
So , it 's like , right here , where my foot is moving at the bottom part of my body , I 'm just going to take a little
I 'm sorry . It 's crazy .
And now just a little bit of my skin and skin on the other side .
Now we 're actually in the same situation we had in the same time .
About it .
But now you can do my fingers , right ?
So , I 'm going to show you . This is one , two , three , four , four , five .
Well , yeah .
I know what people think when they look .
You say , " Okay , who is not so stupid and unk , the skin was just a few minutes to talk about .
Well , I 'm going to show you .
How does this look like that ? Very good .
Yeah , I know .
And the people who said , " Okay . I 've never seen it . "
The people in the unk are going on .
Let me show you a look .
This is my skin . It 's not a good physics .
This is my brother , and I can do that .
I 'm sorry . If you feel bad , you 're not looking at you .
The people in the back , and that later , when you look at the video , it says , " Well , that 's pretty amazing , but if
Okay , let me give you a breath for blood .
Yeah , here 's it .
unk , I would buy the needle .
I would have my arm , and you show that there 's no unk .
But I think , in this context , and with the purpose of doing some of a sense of what I 'm going to do , I 'm going to
We 're going to go back to the next days .
I hope you 're happy . Thank you very much .
Everybody is talking about happiness .
I 've got some of the number of the books that are called " unk " in the title of five years ago , and they gave them about 40
There 's a third of the unk of happiness in happiness .
There 's a lot of happiness .
Everybody would like to be happier .
But despite all of that , of course , there 's a couple of unk , but they do n't think about almost impossible to think about happiness .
And my talk today is going to be part of this cognitive response .
That 's true for unk , which is about their own happiness , and it 's true for scientists who think of happiness , because it turns out that we
The first one of these unk is a unk , complexity .
It turns out that the word happiness is not a useful word , because we can use it in many different things .
I think there 's a certain meaning that we can do it , but it 's in big , and that 's what we 're going to have to be
The second one is in an experience of experience and memory , " Well , basically , it 's basically between his life in his life and happy to life
And these are two very different ideas , and they are both unk in the imagination of happiness .
And the third one is the unk unk , and that 's the fact that we do n't think about how to be able to think about the quality of
I mean , this is a real model .
There 's no way to get it right .
Now , I 'd like to tell you an example of someone who had a question -- and the answer to a few years ago , to tell me a
And then he wrote it , really , was very emotional , the whole experience .
But it did n't .
What they had was the memories of the experience of experience .
He had the experience .
He had 20 minutes of music music .
She did n't , because he was playing with a memory memory , the memory was unk , and the memory was everything he had to go .
What we really want to say is that we think about ourselves and other people could think of the species of two species of self .
There 's a self - self self , and in the present lives and the present , you can understand the past , but it 's basically the present .
It 's the self self , who believe in the doctor -- you know when the doctor says , " Well , I 'm sorry , if I 'm going
And then there 's a self - self self , and the self self , and this is the self and the story of your life , and it 's
Or , " How did you go back to unk ? "
These are two very different parts of the self , and the self self and the self and the self , and the two of them are part of the
Well , the self self is a storyteller .
And that really starts with a fundamental response to our memories in the memories -- it starts immediately .
We do n't tell stories when we tell ourselves stories .
Our music told us , which is what we 're looking at our experience to be a story .
And let 's start with an example .
There 's an old study .
These are real patients that have a unk experience .
I 'm not going to go into the detail . It 's not even more difficult , but it was really painful when this study was in the last year
They were asked to save 10 seconds about their pain .
And here are two patients . These are their unk .
And you 're going to say , " Who have two of them more than ? "
And this is a very simple question .
Now , B B has been more unk , his head was longer , and a minute of the patient , the patient had had to be B B ,
But now there 's another question : " How did you think about this ? "
And here 's a surprise .
And the surprise was that a patient had a lot of unk back to the patient as a patient .
The stories of unk were different , because there 's a very important part of the story , like she .
And not one of these stories are very unk , or unk -- but this is one of them in this one way .
But one of them is much worse than the other .
And the worse was worse , where the pain was at the end of his point . It 's a terrible story .
Where do we know ?
Because we had these people in their own questions , and so much of you said , " How bad was the whole thing ? "
And she was much worse than a B B in unk .
Well , this is a unk conflict between the self and the self self .
From the unk of his self - unk , it was a unk .
Well , what you 've had to do with a copy , and we 've developed a few experiments , and it 's been done , and it works ,
That 's why the patient is suffering , but a little bit less than before .
And if you have a few minutes for a long time , you have the unk of your own life is " A " unk " and you have the
What is a story ?
And it 's true for the stories that the memory of us and it 's also the stories that we 're doing .
It 's a story that is unk , both of the time and unk .
unk are very , very important , and in this case , it was the end .
Well , the self itself is alive .
It has been in the experience of a unk .
And you ask , " What happens with these moments ?
And the answer is really simple . It 's always lost .
I mean , most of my life -- and I 've seen this -- you know , the psychological moment than about three seconds . And what do you know
Most of them are completely completely unk from the self .
And yet , you get the idea that they can count what 's happening in those moments of our life .
It 's the resources that we use as we are in the world .
And as we can use it , it 's not important , but it 's not the story that 's the self self for us .
So we have the self self and the self self , and they 're really quite different .
The biggest difference between them is the same time .
From the point of self , if you have an airplane and the second week , it 's just as the first one , then the unk has just like
It does n't work for the self self .
And for the self , it 's a self - unk , if you could n't be able to go to the game , because there 's no more interesting
They 've never changed .
And in this way , it 's actually the most important , which is a self - self - self - self - self - self - self self ,
Well , the self self does n't care about how to remember and stories .
It 's actually in the decision , because if you have a patient , who said , we have two people in two groups of doctors , and they decide
The self itself has no voice in this choice .
In fact , we do n't choose between us , and we choose between memories .
And even if we think about the future , we think we do n't even think of our lives .
We think about our future than unk memories .
And in the way you can look at that , you know , as a sense of the self self , and you can think the self self , as
I 've got the idea that if we decided to do that , you know , this is what we call , we 're going to run out of the
And this is a little hard to change , I think .
I mean , how do we look at our memories ?
That 's one of the reasons , which is not the unk of the self 's self .
And when I think about it , I think about a plane that we had a few years ago to Antarctica from Antarctica , which was the best of the
And I 've probably heard about my memories at this time , and I 'd like to talk about 25 minutes in the last four years .
Well , if I could n't put the back to the unk , I had a different hour .
Well , these are three weeks , and it 's a half and a half .
There it seems to be a light .
Now , I 'm a little bit of you , you know , like me , I 'm going to have a little bit about memories of memories , but
So I want you to think about a thought .
Imagine at the next few days ago , you know that the end of all of your images will come and you get a drug drug that you 're not
Well , would you have the same hour ?
And if you have a few months ago , you have to have a conflict between these two ways of self , and you have to think about how you
Why we ca n't get the one that we have to have a problem that makes us a choice between the two species of self .
Well , the two species of the self will be two percent of happiness .
There 's actually two examples of the happiness that we can use in a single self .
So you can ask : How happy is the self self ?
And then you would ask , " How are the moments in your life ? "
And they are all of happiness . It 's a pretty complicated process .
What are the emotions that they can be ?
And by the way , we 're just a very good idea to get from happiness from the self self .
If you 're at the happiness of the self , it 's a very different thing .
This is not something like a happy person .
It 's like , " unk , " and the person is , if this person 's life on her life .
Very different .
Everybody who does n't see that this is not different from the unk of happiness , and I 'm also talking about a lot of thousands of knowledge about the
The reason for the happiness of the self and the happiness of the self is in the past few years ago , and then you 're trying to keep the
The center of the world has a global survey gave us more than a half million people asked questions about what they were thinking about their lives , and they
So in the last few years , we started to talk about the happiness of the species of the self .
And the course of the lesson that I think I 've learned is that they 're very different .
You can know , like someone about his life , and they do n't really much about how much he lives and life .
Just to give you a sense of the relationship to the relationship , it 's about unk .
What that means is that if you would tell you , you would say , " Oh my father is a two - meter man , how much would you
Well , you would have something about his size , but there 's a lot of uncertainty .
They have a lot of light .
If I 'm going to tell you that someone has a lifetime of eight years ago , as someone has been talking about how he 's happy with his self
So the relationship is very low .
We know something about the joy of happiness .
We know that money is very important .
We know that most of us is means to be happy with people who we like to spend time with people who we like .
There are other , but it 's the unk .
So if you 're at the best of the species of the self , you want to do very different things .
The point from what I 've said here is that we are not really better than a unk for a good .
It 's a completely different word .
Well , very short , a different reason that we do n't realize happiness is that we do n't think about the same things that we think about life and
So if you ask the simple question , as happy people you 're in California , you 're not the correct answer .
If you ask this question , you think that people are going to be very excited if you say , we live in unk .
And what happens is that if you think about the life in California , you think about the difference between Africa and other places , and there 's a difference
Well , it turns out that climate change is not very important for the self self , and it 's not even very important for the self self , which
Now , because the self 's self - unk , you can get on the end of a few people .
And it 's kind of interesting to tell me what happens with people who come from California to the hope of hope .
Well , their self - self self is not going to be happier .
We know this .
But one thing will happen . You 're thinking that they are happier , because when they 're thinking about it , it 's kind of like , in the
It 's very , very hard to think about knowledge , and I hope to give you a sense of how much it is .
Thank you .
Thank you . I have a question .
Thank you .
Well , when we had a few weeks ago , I told you that there was a very interesting thing that came out of this conference .
Is that something that you need to help us , because you have a few minutes ?
Michael unk : Sure .
I think that the result of the results that we found in the United States has found a number that we 've never had to argue .
And we found this in a sense of happiness .
If we look at how much of your income .
And it turns out that the average income of dollars in the year , for Americans , and that 's a very large number of Americans , and it 's
unk .
Nicole : unk .
unk dollars in the year they are the people , and they 're going to be more likely , even more likely to die .
That 's where we 're going to find a completely flat place .
I mean , I 've seen as deep unk lines .
So what happens is , obviously , if you do n't have a experience of happiness , but the lack of money in some of you know what we can
In the sense of self itself , the self self , you get another story .
The more money you can do .
That 's not true for emotions .
But Apple , in all the American media , it 's about life , freedom , the foundation of happiness .
If people get this serious seriously , I mean , I mean , it seems to look at the head of what we think about , for example , to
Is there a chance to politicians politicians that the country has an idea about how to get serious about it ?
AM : You know , I believe that it 's based on the role of unk in the politics .
It 's going to be very slowly in the United States , not a question , but in the United States , they 're going to happen in other countries
People are there , you know , they think of happiness , they think about politics .
It 's going to be a long time , and the people will realize whether they 're aware of whether they want to think about their lives , and we
So if you 're lucky , it 's very different about how you think and if you think about the self self or whether you think about the self self
This is politics , I think , in the years of years .
In the United States , you remember the experience of happiness .
That 's what I think , in the next one or two decades , the next to be a national project .
Well , it seems to me , that 's going to be here , or should be the most interesting debate in the next few years later .
Thank you for the invention of economics .
Thank you , unk .
I 'm kidding . I 'm video games .
Now , I 've been thinking about 10 years online online , and my goal for the next decade , it 's easy to do the world in the reality
I have a plan for this . I want to give people more people , including all of you more time and play more games and play games .
At all , we have three billion hours a week online online .
Some of you might think , " This is a lot of time for games . "
Maybe a lot of time when you think about how many problems we need to do in the real world .
But in fact , my research at the Institute of the Institute for the future , is exactly the opposite .
Three billion hours a week are not enough enough to change the problems of the world .
In fact , I believe that if we want the next century in this planet , we 're going to have to increase this time .
I 've been able to change that the time it had time in 21 billion hours a week .
And the first thing that might happen is a unk unk , so that I can do it -- I think it can happen : if we think about poverty
No , I 'm really serious .
Why ? This image is quite quite interesting why I think that games are so important for the human species in the future .
This is a picture of unk unk .
He wanted to be able to play a game , and so he wrote the game on a video .
This is one of the unk expression of play .
If you 're not a player , you may have some of them in this slide .
You probably see this sense of compassion , but fear , but also unk , very important in the very complex problem .
If you 're playing , you can see some of you , you know , on the top of the eyes and the mouth , they 're a sign of
This is a member of the side of a unk called a unk .
Oh , you know . OK . Okay . So we have a couple of here .
A unk is a result , which is so much positive that you did n't know that it was possible .
It was almost impossible of imagination .
And if you can do it , you know that you can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
This one is a second story with a unk .
And this is what we 've found on our faces around the world in the world , where we 're going to move on the surface of the next century
Well , unfortunately , we look at this face in the real life , when we think about problems .
I call it in " I live in my life , and it 's actually my face , right ? " Right ? OK ?
That 's me , like , " I live in life . "
This is a unk in my book in school , in California , where I was working in my research , why we were playing better than in the real
This is a problem , a lot of these guys .
We think we 're not in real reality as well .
And I do n't mean much less than though we heard .
We 're going to be unk in unk , and I feel good at the motivation , something that has been taught to work with a collaboration .
If we 're in a unk unk , I think that many of us are going to be able to use our best version , and we 're going to
And in the reality of what we do , when we lost in certain ways , we feel often .
We feel ourselves . We feel bad . We feel ourselves , but I feel depressed , or unk .
These emotions have never seen when we play games , play games .
And this is what I was going to study school .
Why is it possible ? "
How can we make these emotions look at the reality ?
So I looked like myself like the World of unk , which was the ideal of the environment for the physical environment .
And I 've got some of these things that have been found in online online worlds .
So , first , when you put in a online online , you know , in all the World World Bank , there are a bunch of different characters that
But not just a mission , but a mission that makes the perfect to your current level in the game , right ?
So you do that .
They never get a job that you ca n't solve .
But in the edge of their skills , you have to do it , but there are no unk in World War .
You do n't sit around and unk unk . It 's always important to do something important .
And there are white unk .
Where you go to hundreds , hundreds of thousands of people who are working with you with your own mission .
And we 've been able to do it in the real life , not just like this kind of feeling that we 've had a unk in unk .
And there 's also this story of this story , this discovery , why we are there and we have to do .
And then we get this very positive feedback .
They 've made " unk , " and " unk " unk " or " unk . "
This process is not in the real life .
If I have this stage , I do n't like to say , " unk unk and unk unk , unk crazy .
I get into my life in this life .
So , the problem of the unk online online , like the World War , that it 's like this is actually , at the moment of the side of
They 're just better than reality .
By all , we have all the World World of unk unk , two million years ago , the virtual problems of problems .
That 's not necessarily a bad thing .
It sounds unk .
But to do it in the context , there were two years ago , we had the first three - dimensional unk .
So the first one is dead .
OK , if we talk about how much time we are playing with play , it makes sense , if you 're at the time in the scale of the
But also , it turns out , because it turns out that we can use it all over time , but we can change what we 're able to change
We 're going to be able to live together , very unk .
That 's the truth . I think that 's true .
Look at these very interesting numbers that recently recently have a study of the University of college University : The average young man today is in a country with a
So , 10,000 hours , it 's an interesting interesting number of two reasons .
First of all , for children in the United States , they do n't have the same time that they were in school school , which was five of the
So we 've got a whole unk system in the young people who learn what it means to be a good player , as everything else , what they 're
And maybe you have some of you a new book from unk , " unk . "
So you know his theory of the theory , the theory of the unk of 10,000 hours .
It 's based on the unk of the research unk that if we had 10,000 hours with a few years old at the age of eight years , we 're
We 're so good at what we 're always doing , like most people in the world .
So , what we 've got here is a whole generation of young people who are the best player .
So the big question is , " What are the best player ? "
Because if we could find this , we would have never seen before the human potential .
So , so many people have to do now in the world , at least a second day online online .
These are our friends . We have 500 million people who are pretty good . "
And in the next decade we 've got another billion of the ones that are very good in the past .
If you have n't heard about it .
The unk unk , the energy will save , and they are working on the Internet Internet on the Internet in the world , especially in India , China ,
You expect a hundred billion dollars in the next decade .
So we 've got to a billion billion .
So I started to think about what it 's like , to play these games .
Here are the four things that I found . The first thing : unk .
OK , imagine you look like the unk .
unk of optimism is to be able to do something to do , to make a sense of what we believe that we have a hope of hope .
unk are always that there is a unk , because it will always be worth of trying to do it , and it 's the same .
unk are not around .
unk are in unk in social networks .
There 's a few more interesting studies that show us that we have more people like , after we were playing with them , even when we feel bad .
The reason for this is that there 's a lot of trust , someone to play a game .
We trust it that someone has time to tell us that the rules are going to be able to get the same goal and to go to the end of
So the unk is growing from the control of control and trust .
As a result , we create a new social culture .
unk . unk .
You know , there 's a reason why the average unk - of - five - year - old hours a day , as a unk .
The reason is , if we 're playing , we 're still going to be hard to work if we do n't care about it or not .
We know that , as a human beings , when we get hard , it works .
And sisters are ready to work hard to work when they 're the right job .
And then finally , unk .
And they want it to be part of unk unk unk unk .
Here 's an idea that 's going to look at the right side of your mind , you know all of Wikipedia , which is the largest of the world
The second one of the world with almost unk is the World War of unk .
Five million people use it for a month .
They have more information about World War on the Internet as a few different things in the world .
They create a city of history .
They create a sustainable source of knowledge from the World War .
OK , so these are four of the reasons that are one of the results , one of the results are very powerful , powerful individuals .
They are people who believe that they are able to change the world .
And the only problem is that they believe they can change the virtual worlds , but not the real world .
That 's the problem that I 'm trying to do .
unk unk is a unk .
His work is terrible . He looked at people like much better energy , and money online online online .
And he says , " We 're not going to be born as a unk in virtual worlds and online online . "
And this is an architect . And so he 's unk .
And he says ...
Not like me -- I 'm playing games , I 'm a little bit .
So he says that it can actually make sense , because they can be online online online than ever in real life .
You can play in social control more than in the real life . You get more feedback and play in the real life .
So he says , " Well , it 's really important that the more time in the virtual world are in the real world .
I agree with it , that 's why .
But it 's not definitely unk .
We need to start the real world in a game .
My inspiration comes from an event , which is unk years .
There are these unk , unk unk , you know ?
unk these amazing unk unk unk .
And they were like the first people of unk unk .
And if you look at the unk of the old unk unk , you know , you might have this story , and the story about how , and why
According to me , there were more interesting , more unk , unk in the region as many of a sudden .
In fact , there was a huge amount of penguins , that the King of spades came to a crazy idea .
The people were the people . They had people .
It was a very extreme situation . You needed an extreme solution .
So they invented , unk unk , the unk and a national project , they would go to a day , and then the next day .
And they would be so much in the language , because there were so interesting , and we were unk with unk , unk , unk , that they were
And then the next day you would play , and the next day you would eat .
And finally , there were 18 years ago , it was 18 years , because they were in a day , and then the next morning .
Right , I think we 're playing a game .
We 're working on a sense of the suffering of the real world .
We 're working on a lot of science , which makes the real world does n't work in all the real life in the real life .
But that 's not the end .
That 's the interesting thing .
According to me , there was 18 years ago , I had n't been growing at all of the time , so I had the King , one last year
They shared the world in two .
They were playing a unk , and the unk had to be able to find a team of adventure .
And they went to unk , and they went to the search for a new home , and they just looked like a lot of people , as they were
That sounds crazy , right ?
But of course , again , the unk show shows that the unk , the later , the unk of the unk , the same as the same as the
And so scientists scientists came to the view of the crazy book in real history .
And there were evidence of a global unk , which was almost 20 years ago , which had a lot of thousands of years .
So , that could be a crazy book .
Maybe they were able to get through people , when they were 18 years in games , and then they had this kind of knowledge and so much of the
So we can do that .
We 've been working in unk .
This was the first unk in real years ago in the World Bank , which was 16 years ago .
They were 18 years for unk years , we were playing for 16 years .
I 'm saying we 're ready for our own game .
So , they sent the half of their own civilization for a new world , so I 'm going to take the last four billion years per week .
We should be able to spend the half of us an hour a day , when we started the problems of the real world .
I know you 're going to ask , " How do we solve the real world in games ? " And the question I 've done my work in the
We 've got this unk in our office in unk , and when we can understand the future .
We do n't want to go to the future .
What we want is to be the future .
We want to look at the best moment , and then people are able to change this idea in reality .
We are able to connect to each other , and people are able to change the possibilities .
I 'm going to show you a couple of three games that I 've designed to try to change people in their own future .
This is a world without oil . "
The game is from 2007 .
It 's a online online game , which you have to have to find a unk .
The building is invented , but we 've got online online , so it 's going to be able to think about it , and your real life is not
We 've got this game with unk unk in 2007 , and we 've been able to get through the last three years .
And I can tell you , it was an experience experience .
Nobody wants to change life because it 's good for the environment , because we should .
But if you 're in a media community , and they said , " We are the oil . "
This is an architect , which is what you 're going to do .
Let me find out how to survive . That 's the most of our sisters that are in the game of unk .
So we 've been looking for the next game of a game , more than the same is just as a unk .
We have the game " unk " The Institute for the future .
Now , this is one of the unk , which is that the people just have 23 years on the planet .
This is called unk unk unk system , of course .
The call to us , right , we were like , " unk unk .
You know , unk unk , where there is the " unk team " -- you 've got the unk , the scientists , the unk , and they can
But in our game , instead of just talk about five people , we say , in every single team , and it 's our job , the future for
unk were played on the morning .
They found 500 places in the solutions that you can see if you 're called " unk . "
And the last thing we 're going to do is three decades ago . This is a game in collaboration with the World Bank .
If you look at the game , you come from the World Bank " unk unk . "
We 're working with high school in Africa , and they 're an social community .
We have a book . We 've got higher level of unk , unk , sustainability , vision and vision .
I want to all of you , this is a young people who share all of the world in all the world , most of all , unk , who
I 'm going to end .
I want to ask you a question .
What do you believe what happens next ?
We 've got all these characters , we have games that show us what we can do , but we have never the real world .
Well , I hope that you can believe me that the other resources we have to do is in real real life , and that play a matter of change
We 've got all of these unk , unk unk , the ability to have a lot of social unk , unk and optimism , and the purpose of meaning
And I really hope that we 're going to play together to play games on this planet as a century century .
And I hope you 're going to play with these games and play .
When I go back to the next three years ago , I 'm going to do two things that we can have access to the future , and we can
So I say , let 's play the game games .
Thank you .
I 'd like to tell you something about a few months ago to write an article for unk unk .
I 've been writing in my history , and I was looking at the unk of the day , and I felt that I 've never been in my life
I read this one .
" unk , " unk , " unk , unk , unk , unk , unk , unk , unk , unk , unk , unk , unk , unk
unk : unk , strong , unk . "
I 've got this list of a friend and unk , and he said , " And I just had to say , " I could n't have to be
Of course , this was a unk , old - old dictionary , and I was just thinking that this has been very old .
But in fact , there was a paper in the early ' 80s , when I was working with an experiment , and I started looking at my self -
And God , thank me , I was n't going to use a unk dictionary .
So if I was going to take this serious seriously , I would live in a world where someone was like a person in my life , in life ,
So I decided to look at online online , and I thought that I have a unk .
Here 's the unk version of this unk .
It 's not much better .
In particular , I 've seen the last two words , " unk " unk " and " unk . "
But it 's not just about the words .
It 's about what we 're thinking about the world with these words .
It 's about the values that are in these words , and how we share these values .
Our language , and we look like the world and the people around us around .
A lot of other societies , including the ones and the unk , they really believe that the unk of a unk has a huge force , because what you
So , what do we really want to do a look like a unk or a man ?
At all , there was a lot of people as a kid , and they could do it , and they have unk ideas .
Would n't it be nice , do n't open open ?
A man , who was open on the door to me open , my father was unk at the Institute of unk Institute in unk unk .
It 's called Dr. unk . A unk - American , who said , " What you can think most of Americans would not be able to be able to
And Dr. unk was very unk , and it was working for the work with kids just like .
I found the time I was working in this hospital , and it was amazing to me .
I had to experience every single time , often , with these unk , unk unk -- in different colors -- you know , my leg leg , and I
And you ask me , I 've never even heard as a kid kid with Dr. unk , and so trying to try to do that , to stop this
And one day , he told me one of my unk , and they were unk , and said -- and he said to me , " Wow , you
And if you do it , I 'm going to buy 100 dollars . "
It was just a simple trick of Dr. unk , which I do n't want to do that , I 'm not going to talk about the five - year
And I 'm going to tell you how much of his vision came to me , and as a young man , and I looked like this , I was
This is just an example of a lot of people , as adults in the imagination of a child .
But as the most famous examples of what you 're doing , I do n't tell our language , we do n't want to think about what we would all
Our language of unk changes in many cases of a technology change .
For example , as I think of view , you can say , that my legs , the unk of surgery , unk , from unk unk and unk unk
So perhaps , of course , this is more interesting because of course that there is always a different truth , which is that every human society has a very
The human ability to realize that this is an interesting story , because people are always asked to tell me how to talk about , and I 'm going to
This one of the language with the lives of life from the idea that success , of course , is success , to challenge a challenge , or not to
But the truth is that we 're going to change ourselves , of course , and we 're all about the challenge , do n't care about it , or
And I 'm saying that 's good .
unk is not a unk , which we need to have to have to do with our lives better .
unk is just in our lives .
And I tend to feel more than my shadow .
And sometimes I realize that he 's very unk , sometimes he can see , but it 's all about me .
And I do n't want to change the effect of the impact of the human one of the people of a human being .
There are in the lives in the world , and the challenges are just more complex , and every person is going to be different , but the question is
So we 're not just responsible for the people that we love to do with unk , but they also have to be good at that , well , to
And we do n't even better if we feel that they ca n't be able to do .
You 've got two things around you , and one of the reasons you have to be able to be able to do it in the other way , and
And to be honest with the best , and the unk , I had to be able to be able to follow the world , and they can tell me
In our wish , the people who protect us the heart of us , and they have the cold , hard to understand about their imagination , or even a
Maybe this is the concept that it 's just like this , which is in a sense , and how we can do that , for every single one ,
If we do n't have a human , we ca n't treat all the forces , and all the way we can do , we can also have the natural
We unk a human being in our society .
So we have to look at the unk and look at all of the human values .
But the most important thing is that there 's between the perception of our unk and our great unk , a connection .
We should n't be able to do that at the time of unk unk , or we should n't be trying to do it , but we should have to
It may be more interesting to realize that we do n't have to be able to move to that , but we 're open to open to them , to
And maybe we 're able to do it in a sense of a natural system , and we can find and feel that we do n't feel more than that
In this year , we met 200 200 years ago , and when he invented 150 years ago , there was Darwin , Darwin , in my eyes , something
I would like it , not the most powerful part of the life , and it was not the unk of his behavior , but the most changes in the
From the conflict of creativity .
Not just from Darwin , we know that the ability of human beings can survive , and unk , from the death of the human mind , is about conflict
So , again , unk and unk are the most powerful skills of people .
And maybe we know , we get out of what we 're going to do when we 're actually going to test .
Maybe it 's exactly the meaning of meaning , a sense of compassion , a sense of our own power .
We can make ourselves more .
We can create a new meaning , which is a long time .
Maybe we can see more than a change .
unk is for a change that we do n't have to do with ourselves .
I believe that the biggest cause we have to do is we believe that we can be normal .
Let 's be honest ? "
There 's no unk .
There 's the unk . The unk . But it was n't like this . And you would have this poor poor person , you know , if they really
I do n't think more .
It would be really , if we have this hypothesis - based on a different way , or the power to make it a little bit more dangerous , but
unk , we found that we had people from the members of our society and we had to be unk , and to give them a unk .
There 's evidence that we 've had heard of thousands of years ago , and people who had to be able to have a terrible loss of suffering , and
They have these people were not broken , and they were looking for something special and unk .
A few years ago , I went to the city , which I grew up in a unk in the unk , " in the Gulf of Canada , and
It was summer , and I had unk .
And I hear like a guy behind me , " Well , if you do n't want to be unk . "
And I went to myself and look at this old man -- I had no idea what he was .
And I said , " Well , I know ? I do n't want to remember . "
And he said , " Well , you do n't know about me .
When I looked at the first time , I saw her from your mother . "
So , yeah .
And of course , it was , but it did .
This was Dr. unk , a man , which I just heard of my mother 's day at this day , because I was , of course , before I
The doctor for unk , my mother was in the morning , and I knew my parents who came to me in the world , did not .
And because I was born without unk , I was born , and my feet for them , and I just had a few toes of these toes and a
He said to me , " I had to tell your parents , " and you never want to go and have never been able to see his kids or
Really , I found that he had a lot of my unk , and when he had to do with a unk competition in the next four years , when
And he called this part of his unk , which was the potential of human life .
You ca n't be enough enough , as important for this mass of the quality of human life .
And Dr. unk said , he said , " I 've learned that kids when they do n't always have anything else , and then when they 're just a
Look , Dr. Dr. unk has changed .
He had understood that the age of unk , and how someone has to do two different things .
And I also had my thinking thinking about the time , when they were working in the age of 15 years ago , if I was working on my legs
I wanted to be normal .
If you ask me today , I 'm not like that .
And this is happening , I 'm going to do with my legs , and I do n't like that experience .
And perhaps , of course , I could never change this transformation , because I was so many people who were looking at the door , and I was not
Look at it , it 's just one person who you can show you how to control their genes , and you 're through .
If you can put it in his own control , in terms of control -- the human mind is like -- -- if you do that , and for someone
They bring them to themselves , they 're open open .
The real meaning of " unk " unk " in the word " unk . "
It means something that is in a sense that has potential potential .
Again : How do we want to know ?
In the ' 60s , there was a million years ago in unk ' 80s .
They call this " unk unk unk in the United States as we call " unk . "
The students are unk .
And you can be a student in unk unk , the more teachers and so forth .
They 've got over a few years ago with a unk " unk " -- " she said , " they were told them , they were unk , they
And of course , it was one of the heart to hear that the next few days said they were just enough .
And it was like the three months ago .
But those who were still in the school -- they were from the students who went to school .
It was important to this study that was not the teachers .
The teachers did n't have something that changed .
They were just told that they are the high school students and the students are working with the high school , and they 've taught them something about them .
The only thing is a cultural mind is a mind , and you have a mind that has never been lost , no longer hope . There 's nothing more
If we can do it , to change the human mind , we hope to move to the other people around the other people around around , and to be
If you have a book about these machines , we can create a new and new unk .
So I want to talk to a poem that says , " What 's going on with a poem called unk in the 19th century , and I told my
Come on me , thank you . Thank you .
How would you want to be better than you are now ?
So , I said , if you had some of your genes , if you have a better memory , you could see -- very interesting and faster .
Or you want to be more powerful , more power .
Do you want to be more and more ?
How would it be better for good health ?
Or maybe you 're one of the most of the things that are always more about creativity .
What would you mean ?
What would you like to say if you could only have one ?
creativity .
How many people would choose ?
Give your hands . Let me see .
A few . It 's like many people like creative people here .
That 's very good .
How many would have been good for a good memory ?
Very few more .
How about it ?
A few less .
What about cancer ?
Ah , the majority . That 's what I like to do as a doctor .
If you could only have one of them , it would be a different world .
Is it all about it ?
Or is it possible ?
The evolution is a unk issue at the TED conference , but today I want to tell you a view of the subject of a doctor .
The big unk in the 20th century , unk unk , which was also a unk unk in the unk unk , who wrote a paper called " unk in
Now , if you have one of you who do n't have the evidence for the evolution , that would be a very good time in your unk , you
But if you have biological evolution , you know , this is just about the past , or it 's about the future ?
Is it for other or other ?
This is another part of the tree of life .
In this picture , I have a unk , as a center of the unk in all directions , because if you look at the area of the tree of
The human part of this is very far from the end of all , of course , which is what we 're most interested in .
We went from one of us to a typical ancestors of living than six or eight million years ago .
In this time , there were maybe 20 or two different types of unk .
Some of them came up .
We have been around for years ago .
It seems like we 're pretty good at the other parts of the natural life , but it 's the biggest part , which are the fundamental principles of our
Is you very clear that we can benefit from the tools to each of the bacteria and a protein that could be able to use the protein of the human
This is not like unk ; it 's the same protein that 's like unk , which comes from the sun .
And what we 've already heard about bacteria today is to realize that each of us are in our bodies than bacteria cells in the rest of our body ?
Maybe 10 , many .
I mean , think about it , if you 're looking for your mind , you think about the bacteria ?
Our gut is a beautiful unk environment for these bacteria .
It 's hot , it 's dark , it 's unk , it 's very unk .
And you 're going to save all of the organs that they would have to do not to do with a disaster .
It 's actually a easier easier for bacteria , with unk unk , the unk , unk unk .
But else , you 're just a wonderful environment for these bacteria , as they are in their lives .
You can help with the unk of carbon dioxide , and they protect them in a disease .
But what will be in the future ?
Are we in a kind of unk balance in a form ?
Or are we going to be different from something that might be better than the environment ?
Now , let 's take a step back to the back of the universe , 14 years ago -- the Earth , the city , was about four billion years
And in this huge unk of the universe , the life on the Earth is just a few - dimensional space , like a single individual , and the human
We were .
This is also the unk of this speech , which is why I hope I 'd like to kill you .
Well , when I was a unk in college , I had my first unk .
I was fascinated by the unk and beauty of biology .
I looked at the power of evolution , and I made a very , very hard thing , which most of the existence of lives in every species of living
But at the time , as an individual organisms started to change things .
unk unk .
And it 's very important to talk about the unk , which is the genome genome , the rest of the body .
In the fact , you could say that the unk of death in the body of the experience in the same moment , the same thing happens .
Now I have to say , when I was a college college , I thought , okay , " sex , " death , death , death death , death
I got to get the feeling of George unk to understand , in the village in the streets of the ' 80s .
And one night , there was a unk unk on his unk .
He open the door .
He told him a beautiful unk unk unk .
She 's looking at him , and I say , " I 'm here for love . "
" That 's wonderful , " George says , " I 'm going to make the smell . "
I came to the belief as a doctor , that I had a view of the idea that was not the goal of evolution , not just different , but
I tried to make the body .
I wanted to be healthy .
I wanted to health for a disease .
I wanted to have a long time and life .
evolution is all about the unk of the genome of the next generation , and then generation generation .
Of course , from a look at me , you 're like me , and I like to build a unk , the universe in the next level of the
And I think we would all of all of the people who have the expression of unk , and he said , " I do n't want to talk about
I want to do it without me . "
evolution does n't seem to save the lives .
It does n't necessarily unk the unk , the unk or the unk , and not even the unk .
evolution , the best that they are at best for your environment .
It 's only one of the test of death and success .
On the reason of the ocean , there are these unk , and the unk are going to be able to survive , because if there are there , there
So , what does that mean when we look back to what 's happening in evolution , and how we think about the place of people in the evolution ,
The first is that we 're not going to get .
We have a kind of balance .
And the reason for it was that we had to be asked by medicine , because we had a lot of genes from the genes , and they 've been
And second , after we have a species of our environment , as we had to do it , we were able to focus on them , and we were
And so , by the way , we go to the unk , and we do so much more than you do n't want to say to be that the
One second is that there is a evolution in the universe , of course , of course , by the laws of nature .
And the argument that this is that the Internet has come down , but they are unk .
And so far as far as though , as a species of the planet , we can find it in the change and the change in the environment , which
But there 's a third third , a unk , fascinating and an opportunity .
I 'm going to call it unk evolution -- not just of course , but we decided , and we decided to give us the individuals we do .
Well , how could that happen ?
How could it be possible that we can do this ?
So let 's start the reality that the people today , in many cultures , their own lives .
They are , in many cultures , cultures , for more men than women .
It 's not necessarily good for the society , but it 's what the individual and the family .
So , if you think , if it 's not just been able to look at the sex of your child , but also the body of the genetic genetic
What if you could be able to be able to be able to be able to win , or diabetes , or diabetes , or the unk of the unk
Would you not want to change these changes in your genes ?
If we are unk , we 're going to be able to change this kind of change .
The World War started in 2008 , and it took 13 years .
It costs five billion dollars .
In the year , when it was in 2004 , we had the same for 20 million dollars in four to four months .
Today you can find a sequence of three billion of the human genome in a billion of dollars , and in the room of a week .
It 's not going to be a long time to change the reality where it 's going to be 1,000 dollars in human genome , and it 's going to
A week ago , at the National National Institute of unk , the unk of unk unk and unk unk , two scientists who were independent of the species of
A few years ago , the unk of the unk unk unk unk for his research in the community , he was a unk , unk , a unk ,
These changes are going on .
The same technology , which is the human cells in the bacteria , which are not just natural resources about themselves , but also , for the other people can
Whether you believe it or not , it 's a study study in Iraq , with the cure for the cells in a cell cell .
Can you make something good ?
This is all reality , and in the future will be more than possible .
Think about two different things .
You can control the cells in your body , but what if you could control your cells ?
What if you had the unk and the unk , or the unk of the horse could be able to look at your children , a better chance for a
Who does n't want to live ?
And then the unk of the technology , the same engine can actually change the change in order to prevent the disease , and we could also predict the Great
Why do n't have the unk of a leader of unk unk , which is , if you can see it in the next generation of the car , the
Why not the unk unk that you can get to get faster and faster ?
Why not live longer ?
These are going to be .
And when we 're in a place , we 're going to go to the next generation , and we can be able to be able to be able to
We 're going to create a process that will happen in the number of 100,000 years , and we can do it for a thousand years , and maybe even
These are decisions with your grandchildren , or their grandchildren , they have to have .
Do we have this choice to create a society , which is better , is the more successful , is the more cool ?
Or are we going to be able to create different ways that we need for some of us who do n't want to look for others ?
Will we create a society and unk and unk , or unk and unk ?
These are the kinds of questions that we need to be .
And for the most of us , we will never be able to understand the wisdom of wisdom , and the wisdom that we need to be able to make
And in the good way , as well as well , and when you might think they 're going to make these decisions in us .
Thank you .
I want you to think about something that is a robot , you know , a robot that you have to do with the ability to share their ability to
We started to call unk unk robots .
They 're not like something else , and the morning in the morning , and you take the extra light and the speed of the speed , and you can
That 's the real problem of human and machine .
But not only -- this is what you 're going to do with the universe and other computers .
That 's not just a crazy idea .
In order to show you what we 're working on , we 're starting to talk about the United States , on the average level of 50 pounds in his
Of course , this leads to a couple of unk -- unk , 30 percent of these unk unk .
So we thought that we were going to take this challenge , and we could build this one that would help us with this problem .
So let me go back to you today , or the unk of unk unk .
AM : unk with the unk unk -- I can 200 200 pounds of unk over a few hours .
His unk design is able to be deep deep , unk , and unk unk .
It feels what I want to do , where I 'm going to go , and I 'm going to change my strength .
We are now , with our unk system , this process in this year .
So it 's true .
Let 's go back to the unk , something that I 'm really talking about .
There are unk million people around the world in unk .
That 's about one percent of the population .
And that 's in a case called a guess .
We 're talking about a young young people in the hospital of the lives of their lives -- in the ' 80s , " unk , " unk of the
But it 's also about the population in the population of their numbers .
And so it 's just the only one -- if it 's about a unk or something else -- that 's a wheelchair .
And so it 's been there for 500 years since -- like I 've got to have a very successful success .
So we thought that we could start to do a story , a new story in the unk .
So let me imagine you now imagine what 's going to be able to come back to the age of 19 years ago , an unk , who had the
Thank you .
As I said , I bought our unk .
It has sensors .
It 's completely completely unk in the unk , the signals on our unk computer , which is on the back of your house .
Here are also unk unk , the unk is unk on their unk , and as they look at their unk , they 're going to move forward to this
I was 24 years old , and unk in unk , as a unk , while I was a unk .
In a half of a year , I lost lost , and I move through my unk .
Not long after a doctor in my unk , and he said , " You can never go back . "
And this was 19 years ago .
He unk every three percent of my hope .
unk technologies have to come back to me , because they learn to go back , and then they 're working with the hands of their hands .
But nothing was invented , which was going to go back to me .
Thank you .
As you can see , we have the technology that we 've got to be able to meet and meet with you .
It 's in our hands , and we have all the potential potential to change the life in the future generations -- not only for the soldiers , or for
Thank you .
At home in New York , I 'm the unk of an unk company called unk .
If I do n't go to the poverty , I was an unk of a fire station in a unk of the fire .
Well , in our city , in the community , a member of unk workers have to have to be very early in the unk unk to unk .
I remember my first fire .
I was the third of the staff on the unk , I had to be able to make a better experience .
But it was still a unk against the other people who had to follow the unk and to figure out what our jobs would be .
When I saw the unk , he had a very serious conversation with the unk who had ever seen the worst of their lives .
It was in the middle of the night , and she was in the unk and unk on a screen outside in the rain , when they were home in
The other ones that came out with me was -- -- we call it unk King -- had to be in the house , and we asked the house to
The dog ! I was unk .
And there was a lawyer , or a unk , who had the rest of your life , who could tell him that he was born in a house house
Well , I was on the next one .
The unk went to me .
He said , " unk , you have to go into the house . "
You 've got to go up to go to the fire , and you have to get a girl here . "
I unk it .
Well , not exactly what I thought , I was going to go through the unk , the unk , down to the " real " unk , " and
I know what you 're thinking , but I 'm not a hero .
I took my unk back to the bottom , where I went to the door of my shoulder and the dog .
We put our hand on the outside of the unk , where , of course , not surprising , it was more important than me .
A few weeks later , the unk had a letter to the unk , which she had to be able to tell her to the unk of the house in
It 's a lot of unk unk unk : someone had a pair of shoes .
And in my work in unk , when I was in my unk as a unk , I 've been able to believe myself in unk and unk in the
And you know what I learned ?
They 're all important .
So if I went to into this room , and I see someone who had to have a success success , or their own way , I 'm going to
And you do n't want to make a difference in a life where you have your first million years .
If you want to do something , you 're doing it now .
Do you in a unk , a unk in the neighborhood .
It 's a leader .
Not every day , we 're going to have a chance to save a life of every day , but every day we have the opportunity to change .
So let 's go . You save the shoes .
Thank you .
Bruno Giussani : Mark , Mark , come on .
Thank you .
I 'm just from a community , which is the secret of the humanity .
A place where the women are unk unk , " unk , " and the game of the day -- what 's a serious issue .
And no , it 's not unk .
Ladies and gentlemen , your body .
This is the world of unk in the Gulf of Congo .
unk are with us in our normal lives .
That means that we have a common world , a unk response that was about six million years ago .
Well , chimpanzees are known for their unk .
But unfortunately , we 've got this aspect of unk in the history of human consciousness .
But let 's show us the other side .
And as many of you know , of course , unk unk is going to be the unk of society .
They 've got to come up with this , because this leads to a very unk society , in the non - violence violence .
But unfortunately , at least , at least , most of the normal animals .
They live in the deep level of the unk unk , and that 's the only way to do it .
The Congo is an unusual -- an incredible -- a country of beauty and beauty , but also the heart of the darkness of itself , the unk of a
It 's not surprised that these destruction also have to survive .
unk and the unk of the unk system that you do n't like to have a unk with the unk , and they 're not to be honest to be
And yet , in this country and violence , you can find a laugh , that the trees .
Who are these white ?
We know it as " unk " unk , " because they have unk , you 've got sex with unk and unk and unk and unk and unk and
I 'm not saying that would be the answer to all of the most important problems -- because life has been more than the unk .
unk -- like , you know , she lives for life .
unk is not just unk .
And for us , and it 's self - based on the unk of the relationships and the future .
And we learn from trust and the rules of the game .
Now , of course , creativity and creativity , and it 's all about the diversity of diversity , and it 's about all sorts of the diversity of interactions
And if you 're looking at a look at a game , you look at the discovery of human beings , dance and rituals .
unk is the unk , which is unk .
Well , I do n't know how to play , but I want to show you a few images of the images .
First of all , unk unk unk -- and I do n't think about it .
So here we see a young female and male in a unk .
Look at what they do .
And that could be the way to come from , " You put it in the eggs . "
Only I think it does n't like it .
Yeah !
So they are unk , and they are also known as people .
And this video is really interesting , because it shows -- and this video is really interesting , because it shows the unk , which you can show the new
But the game is a unk .
And a game is a unk , and it can make a lot of shapes , some of the things that they have said , " unk , " --
And I want to show you this is unk , a young man , and they 're unk .
I think what they 're doing is sometimes , and we are in our borders and our worlds .
And it 's this unk unk that shows us , and we are able to interact , and we think that we have the culture , which is really the
This is just a little bit of unk on the understanding of the culture in our past and present .
But they 're true to a secret to our future , a future that we have to have to move to the challenges of challenges , of creativity and creativity
The secret is that the game is the key to these skills .
In other words , our play is unk .
To be successful in a global world , we need to play .
But are we going to be part of our best ?
unk is not kidding .
It 's fundamental .
And for example , and individuals , they do n't have their lives in their teeth and their hands .
Just if it does n't seem to be heard , it might be unk .
And so , I mean , I 'm going to give you the gift of evolution , and we play in the process of creativity and the unk .
Thank you .
I want you to tell two of them , in the same day , in the same day , in the same moment , every single baby was a baby
So two guys , every single baby .
Now , I do n't want you to go back to you , because if you look at all the time , you do n't listen to me .
Think about it for a moment .
And in this case , you think about it , in a case , it 's an X - ray unk , which is the X - ray of the
And in the other case , it took a piece of X , which is the X - ray of the unk .
Both both of them are both families .
We 'll get back to these people .
In most of my favorites , I have two unk .
In a unk , I 'm looking at the story of the paradox .
I 've been born , and in this case , I study how people like unk unk -- the human body , body body -- like , with unk ,
The other one , which I 've been working on my work , is the unk of unk , or as I sometimes say , " unk " -- people
In this case , I was working with people who worked in the social political question .
So , for example , I 've been working with people who were born with two people in a body .
I 've been working with people with unk -- so people were the same as they were .
And very often , I 've been working with unk people who have sex with their sex , because people who are not the American male male or a female
And as an expression , we can use this word .
unk comes in many different shapes .
I 'll just give you a few examples for many different types of unk who are not male or male .
In a case , you may have someone with a unk unk , and the gene gene from the unk of the unk unk unk the unk , we have
And this is why the unk is in unk unk unk .
But because this one of the individual has been able to be able to be able to understand the smell of the body , not the body .
And this is called " unk . "
So a lot of pain , but no response .
As a result of the body , the body is more likely to be discovered .
If the kid was born , it looks like a girl .
It 's a girl . She 's going to be girls .
But it takes a lot of them , and it 's going to be lost by their unk and they 're growing , but they 're not going to get
And they 're going to do a test test , and they find that instead of unk and unk , in fact , in unk , and it turns out
And it 's important to understand that this person could n't be used for a single person , but they do n't really .
Women , like men , in our body , something called unk .
They are in the back part of our body .
And the unk unk unk , which are unk unk .
Most women , as I think -- I think a typical woman is -- I do n't know what I 'm going to do in the real world , but
We create unk , and we talk about unk .
And the result is that someone like I actually had a brain that was more than unk , was a woman who was born with a unk , and a
So , in fact , it 's really complicated ; it 's not just in the middle of the spectrum of -- in some ways , they can move across
Another example : " A few years ago , I got a call from a 19th - old man , when he was born , as a boy , he
He had an extreme form of a unk .
He has unk unk , and in the unk , his unk were so unk that they were unk in a single unk .
And as a result , his skin was his unk , his brain was the male male part of the unk .
And when he was born , he looked like a boy -- no man had something .
And only when he was 19 years old , he had been working in medical problems , because of course , when they were unk , the doctors found that
Okay , it 's just a quick example for an example of unk .
Some people with unk unk , which is something that is called unk , unk unk unk .
We do n't know exactly why that 's happening .
So there can be in many different different ways .
The reason why these kids are in this kind of body -- it 's called " unk or unk , " it 's been unk -- in many of the
In many cases , these people are healthy .
And the reason why they often often do different types of unk , because they are social social .
In fact , our system on the idea is that there 's a certain amount of unk with a certain identity .
So we have the concept that a woman is to be a female identity , a black person would say , " unk , an architect , has to be
So we 've seen this terrible event .
And if we do with a body , one of us , in fact , in fact , we 're very different from the brain , which is what we
So we have in our culture , a lot of cool ideas about .
And our nation is actually in a very famous concept of unk .
Now you can imagine what it 's like when children are born , two people in a body .
Where I had a lot of most of my life out there was the unk of unk unk last year , who had sex in the unk of the World
A lot of me called me at the question : " What do you say , who told us whether unk unk or female ? "
And I had to realize that there 's no test .
Now we know that there 's more complex enough that we have to say that nature is not for us between between men and female , or between men and
So we have such a situation where there 's where we do n't have the science , we have to be able to have to be able to have these
And that 's not just in terms of sex .
It 's also in terms of what it looks like a lot more complicated than our unk .
In our culture , we can all sorts of all sorts of areas .
We 're looking at the fact that we 're at least 95 percent of our DNA in our own lives .
What are we going to do with the same thing we 're going to do with just a few different ?
While we 're looking at all the science , and we 're going to move forward to an area of the city where we have to realize that the most
We look at all sorts of different types of human life .
One of the areas that we are looking at this in the culture of today in the United States , the United States are about the beginning and the end
We 've got a little bit about what 's going on in a point of human body , so that he has a different right than the life of life
We 've been very much today in unk -- maybe not as much as in medicine , like the question when someone is dead .
Our ancestors had never been hard to do with the question when someone died .
You 've got someone who had a bird under the nose , and when they were moving , they did n't even have it .
If they were n't moving up , you 've got them .
But today we are in a situation where we need to save organs organs , and we need other people .
And as a result , we get to the fight with the very difficult question , when someone 's dead , and that makes us a very difficult way we
Now , if you could imagine that all of the whole unk of people like me are really happy .
I 'm political , I unk people with unk , but I have to admit it makes me nervous .
To understand that these are actually a lot more than less than we thought .
And it makes me unk in terms of democracy .
So to tell you this one , I have to tell you that I 've got a big fan here .
I know they were unk , I know that they were unk , but they were great .
I think they were so unk and so strong , and so , in fact , what they did -- I was all of the most years ago , unk
It 's because of what the unk is happening .
The unk were from my view of the original unk , and that 's why .
What they were unk was a concept of concept , and they put it in a different way , and it was a few years ago , and 200 years
How do you remember our unk , the concept of unk , and the unk was in a very serious idea .
The unk of the world had no idea based on the DNA , but they had a concept of unk .
They had a concept of unk .
They were the idea that people who had the political power , these political power should be because of the unk unk of the man from the father and the
The unk gave this idea back , and they made it through a new idea , and this concept , that all of people would have been built .
It unk the unk , and decided to realize that there was n't the difference , and they do n't have the difference . And that was very complex .
Now , they made this part of the part because they were part of a unk system , in two things together .
The democracy was growing , but at the same time , it was the science .
If you look at the history of the unk , you would see that many of them were very interested in science , and they were in a concept of
They went from far from unk unk , and things like , like a concept of power , where the unk on a lot of unk is based on a
They went to a unk concept .
And if you 're looking at the example , they talk about nature and the God of nature .
They do n't talk about God and nature of God .
They talk about the power of nature to us who we are .
And as part of it , we looked at the concept of unk .
And so they had them in a wonderful way in the Arab movement .
They did n't think about it , but what they did for us was great .
So what happened for years ?
For example , women , who wrote the unk unk , the concept of the unk , saying that there 's more important than a matter of the difference ,
And women , success .
Now , next , the next unk of unk unk , where we saw people like unk unk , who said , " I 'm not a woman ? "
We find men in the unk unk unk who say , " I 'm a man . "
Again , hundreds of colors , the unk on the unk of unk , unk , success .
We see the same thing in the unk .
Of course , the problem is , and we 're starting to change all of these things that we need to start to ask about why we 're going to
Well , I know , I 'm going to have a certain unk , unk , in our culture .
I want to give you a fish that are not exactly the same rights of people .
I do n't want to say that we should be able to take away from the environment .
I do n't want to say that the unk should be able to have to be unk or sex .
So there are a couple of unk , which makes me sense , and I think , I think .
But the challenge is to try to figure out what it 's like , and why we keep it , and whether they make sense .
So let 's go back to these two people who started the beginning to talk about .
We 've got two trees , both in the middle of the same day .
So let 's imagine that one of them , she was three months later , she was in June a year ago .
unk , on the other side of the side of the page , he was in the 21st century .
Just because of the fact that was three months later , was born by all sorts of three three years ago -- the right to have sex .
unk has to do all of this , not because he was able to see a different age , because of the unk of his birth .
We 're still looking at some of their rights rights .
unk , because you can say that it 's a male -- although I do n't tell you that he 's the unk with it -- you can say that
John unk , who ca n't do all of the same in the same way that he was in the United States , all in the United States , and
unk can be in a state of a single woman , but it 's not only a few people in a few years ago .
So we 've been able to see these unk unk in many ways and unk .
And for me , the question is , what we 're going to do , where we can do this research in the field of physics that we have to
I do n't want to tell the science , but it feels sometimes as if the science is unk .
Where do we go ?
It seems to be a culture in a way that I think , " Well , we 've got to be a line line , so we 're going to
But a lot of people are in a very unusual place .
So , for example , in Texas , on a point , that a man would tell me that you ca n't take a unk , and a woman is
Now , in fact , not people are not going to test their test .
But it 's very strange to me , because of the story that I 've been talking about the unk of unk .
If we look at one of the unk of modern democracy , you know , Martin Luther King , he told me in his " I have a dream of
He says , " We should not be unk by your skin , but for the body of your own character , " and it 's about unk .
And I want to say , " Yeah , that sounds like a good idea . "
But how do you do that ?
How do you talk about people ?
I also want to point out that I 'm not sure that we should be able to talk about people , because I have to say that I have a
I want to unk unk that I probably probably have a little bit of unk unk , who are unk unk , and unk decisions about their emotions on a
So why do we ask the question for the properties of the character ?
It 's actually really hard .
And part of me in the question he would like , if the content of a character would be something that would be in the future future , would be
Do we really want to go ?
I 'm not sure where we go .
What I know is that it really seems to think about the idea that the United States is to think about the questions of democracy .
In our own democracy , we have to do what we 've done right , and I think we should have our things in the future .
We do n't have the situation where it was in the United States , where there is a man who has been in other men , and with death ,
There are no way that we do n't exist .
I 'm going to tell you that we do n't have these patients -- a surgeon that I was talking about a few years ago , who had a few
But when I was there with him , and he asked him why he had this surgery -- it was high - old surgery -- his answer that he had
And I asked him , " Well , you 've got a political job in unk , instead of an surgery to do it ? "
The United States can not have an opportunity to give people to be able to be able to change them in the state of the change .
That 's why I think we need to be .
Well , just to end , I want to realize that I was very much about talking about .
And I 'd like to think about how much more than might have seen , or looked like , when we had to keep the mothers .
And I want to say something that is a miracle of unk , and I think that there are different ways to understand that different from the different types of
For years , because I was interested in interested , I 've been interested in research in the area of unk .
And one of the things that I really interesting interesting is that the difference between men and women in the way they think and think about the world .
What we 've learned from studies of studies , is that women , in the average -- not every one , but in the average level , no more important
And so , when we think about it , we have a interesting situation .
And years ago , when I was a student , I asked myself , when I was interested in a college , my interest in Africa , I looked at
He said , " Do you tell me what 's unk ? "
And I thought , " Well , that 's the question I 've ever heard . "
In the middle of it , there 's about the gender between you , because of course , is not the bad thing .
But more than I think more about his question , it was like I thought that there was something that could be in the unk .
This is what it means to say something else , in the average , like the female of men , we have a lot of more information about social social
Where the people who were very concerned about the environment , as individuals , the United States would be able to be able to be able to change that when
And maybe it 's where we 're going to go to the future , when we think about democracy -- less than the individual 's life , and more than
So , if we 're going to find a people , we think about what we can do for each other .
Thank you .
I 'm unk and I 'm here .
But before I 'm going to show you what I 'm going to do , I 'm going to do a new job , and that 's me , I
I love it to be able to give an opportunity to find a different unk , unk unk to find , and put it in the last time , and
But I 'm not going to be new .
I get all my clothes . "
unk , thank you .
The two - thirds of mine allowed me to change the impact of my life on the environment , and then , at the end of my hand .
I do all sorts of all sorts of men -- my dollars for a good story -- I can see quite unique , and it 's going to make me
I mean , what will I be here ?
Will it be my size ?
Will I feel like ?
Will it be less than 20 dollars ?
If all the answers , yes , I feel like if I won .
I come back to my unk , and I 'm going to tell you what I 'm going to do with this last week at TED .
I mean , what does someone do with so many ?
So I 'm going to show you exactly what I 've got .
I 've got a pair of unk , and it 's all .
unk for a week week , everything I was in my team .
I decided that I would say anything I would like to say , if I was going to go back to unk .
And you have n't heard about me when the woman , which is at the TED , which is here at TED in their unk -- it 's what I
And I want to show you my unk for this week .
Sounds good ?
While I 'm doing that , I 'm going to give you some of the lessons that I know if they do n't believe it , or not to learn
Let 's start with April .
I call this the unk .
You do n't have to spend a lot of money to be great .
You can be almost better than less than 50 dollars .
This whole lot of unk , which was unk me , and it was the most expensive part that I was in this week week .
unk : unk is a unk .
It 's almost impossible to be bad unk , if you 're going to be unk .
If you 're happy , you 're going to be happy .
April : unk is completely unk .
I 've been very much time in my life , trying to try to myself , and I 'm at the same time .
Be sure you are .
If you 're looking at the right people , you do n't understand it , they 're going to take it .
unk : unk your unk .
Sometimes I say , I would look like if I said , " I 'm going to listen to her unk .
I just say , and say , " Thank you . "
unk : unk is the key key .
If you think you 're looking at something good , it 's almost like that .
And if you think that you do n't think of that , you probably have the right .
I grew up with a mother in the day for a day .
But when I was 30 years ago , I really understood what that means .
And I 'm going to do that for a minute .
If you believe that you 're inside the inside a beautiful person , there is nothing you can do .
So there 's no reason for someone in this audience .
We should be able to make everything that we want .
Thank you .
unk : A unk , " unk . " unk unk unk .
And eventually , finally , a own , a unique , unique , is a kind of a kind of kind of the world to tell you something about a
It was always me , and over again , when he came back to this week , I was just just about what I did , and I had great
Of course , it 's not all going to be in my tiny tiny .
So before I went home , I 'm going to go back to my office .
Because the lesson that I 'm going to learn this week , is that it 's okay .
And I do n't have to do these things wrong , because I 'm looking at the corner , there 's always a little bit of unk , unk ,
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
Good day , all together .
I 've got something I want to show you .
Think about this as a unk , as a unk .
That 's what we 're in our lab , unk design .
Let me tell you a little bit about it .
Now if you look at this image -- I 'm an architect , and a man in Italy in this room in his room , but the reason why I
A few years ago , it was the way that if you had a letter to a win , then you needed the budget , and your money would have
And when the car and the driver 's good enough , then won the race .
Now , today , now , if you want a race , you know , like something like this -- something like the car in real time , a few
This would you , in unk , in real time .
And basically , it 's a system that is two of them -- is a part of a unk and a unk .
What 's interesting interesting is that is real time in our lives .
Our cities were in the past few years ago , with networks and computers .
They 're going to be computers .
And as a computer in the house , they start to look at different ways , and they 're going to be unk and unk .
If we look at cities , it 's actually a big thing .
Only one thing I want to say is that the two percent of the planet are , but 50 percent of the global population are there .
They are 75 percent of the unk -- unk to 80 percent of the carbon emissions .
So if we do something about the cities , this is a big thing .
Over the cities , all of these unk and unk objects in the day of life .
This is from an exhibition called the unk of unk unk in the year , during the summer .
It 's called " unk . "
Well , all of our objects , our environment , we start to talk about .
In a certain way , it 's almost like this , every single way , there are two of them , and a unk and a unk .
And the changes of the interaction that we are with our environment .
In a way , it 's almost like the old dream of unk .
You know , as Robert unk unk , he said that he was the end of the table , and he went to Washington , he 's not going to
Well , today , our environment is the first time to tell us .
I 'm going to show you a few examples -- again , with the idea of our environment , and we want to go .
Let 's start with .
Now the first project I want to imagine is to the first part of our lab .
It was four and four years ago in Italy .
And what we 've done in the world was actually a new kind of the network , which was on the whole world , which is a unk -- and
The summer was a summer summer .
It was in Italy to unk unk .
Some of you will remember it , when he was working in France , and then , at the end of the unk , unk .
And I do n't know where you 've done .
Now you 're looking at what happened on this day , just looked at the activity that happens in the network .
Here you see the city .
You can see in the middle , the unk unk .
The morning , the game .
You can see the edge .
In the morning , there were people here and there are the phone calls and move .
The game starts in silence .
In France , I 'm going to be a church . It 's a unk .
unk , the people who make a short call .
Secondly . unk of the normal .
First , second second .
unk , in a moment of unk .
unk . Yeah .
Well , in this night , they all went to the center to celebrate .
They saw the big .
On the next day , all of us went to the unk and the United States at the same time .
And then all went down .
You can see the picture of unk unk , where there was the last time that people who come to school -- to get a great party , and you
Well , this is just an example of how we can live in the city , and in a way , we have a few years ago .
So , a little bit for example , is not about people , but things we can use and use .
Well , today , we know about all of our things .
This is a map , which you can see all these unk , which has a computer computer , as they came together .
But we just know about what 's going on .
So we built in this project in a very small piece of creating the waste when they are through the system .
So we started with a bunch of ants , which we were doing something more than a year ago , in Seattle , they were doing things that they were
And then we 've got the little unk , the little ones that are going to keep the local and forth .
Here 's the results we 've got .
unk .
After a week .
With this information , that we have a lot of unk in the system .
We can do the same things that we do with less energy .
The data was not available .
But this is a lot of unk and more complicated things .
The other thing is , is that we believe that if we can see every day that the cup that we fall , we 're not just going to go
And the thing that we 're going to do is dead every day .
And if we were able to show these people , we can change a change .
So this is the reason for this project .
My colleague at the University of unk , unk unk , could n't tell you a lot more about the story , and so many different things that you can
And the first project is something that we had a few years ago in Spain .
It started with a question of unk , which came to us and said , " Spain and unk have a beautiful tradition , in public spaces as part of
And the question was : How could you use technology to create new technology ?
And the one of the ideas that came at MIT was in a unk unk , which is how to do this , and unk , unk , unk ,
It makes something like a unk with water .
If these unk , you can use it , you can see patterns , images , text .
And you can move to him , and he 's going to open to open to how you can see this picture .
Well , we have the mayor unk unk .
It took him very well .
And we got the back to the building a building in the tent .
We call it the unk water .
The whole building was water .
There are no open , or if you 're looking at it , you 're open and open .
The roof was also with water .
And if it 's in the case , if you want to take the unk , you can go back the roof .
Or you could build the building , and the whole architecture will be like , in this case , you know , because of those days when you look at
No , they did n't build the buildings ; it 's just like that architecture architecture .
Here you see how the building works .
You see the person who says what 's inside inside .
And here you see me when I was trying to do the speed of light , the water is not going to be unk .
Well , I should tell you what a night would like all of the speed of light .
But it was actually in this night a little bit more fun .
All of kids come from the building , because the way they were built with the buildings were just different .
Not more than a building , to open it , you have a building , but a building , and they do n't even have a black hole , and
And this was , for us , very exciting , as an architect , engineers , as a designer , we always think about how people who use things that
But the reality is still unk .
And this is the beauty of the things that are used to interact with people .
So here 's a picture of the building with the physical system , the unk of the water and the unk .
And this is what we 've been doing about this project that I 'm going to show you .
Imagine that they could actually start to fly .
Imagine that , you could see , you can see a little bit of the air , and every one of you with a little bit of light - like
Here 's the video .
Imagine a unk when you saw what you saw in the other way , completely unk .
You can use the cloud .
You can make a look like a screen screen or a paper , like this -- a unk in two dimensions .
Or , of course , in three - dimensional dimensions , which is changing what the changes is not the position of the unk .
You can do with different ways .
Imagine the screen could be able to look at different different or three things , in different ways .
But then , it could just be just a sequence of unk , and they can move to the surface , and they can move through them , many of
Here you can see a real unk -- the unk , as you can see a unk unk .
If you look at the light , it looks like this , so we looked like this .
Imagine that every single person will happen .
It could be able to each of each of a unk , which comes from people from the movement of people or something .
I want to show you something .
We 've been working with unk unk , which one of the best unk of our time -- the unk of unk in the New York , and in the
Here you see .
On the left on the left you have the unk , the different unk unk .
It 's at the same time and a unk scan and a unk .
That 's how you can understand the whole movement .
You can do that all the time .
But then , if we 're all going to be able to do it , you can play it with color and unk and unk .
We want to use a way to use it for the use .
I want to show you the latest project we 're working on .
It 's something that we 're working on the school in London .
It 's called the cloud -- the cloud .
The idea is , again , imagine this is what we 're going to do with people and to change the environment -- almost like something like we call it
Imagine that everybody can do a little unk for a unk .
I think that the remarkable thing in the last few years , the last decades , that we 've been able to create a part of a digital world .
This has all of knowledge , knowledge , and it makes it the Internet .
Today , we can do it for the first time -- and the campaign we 've got to do this -- we can use the digital world , which is
That can be in our case , that we can use it to create and create a symbol .
That means something is in the city .
But tomorrow , it 's going to be able to think about the future challenges , and you think about climate change or the carbon emissions , as we can
So the idea is that we actually have the people with what they do things together .
The cloud is a cloud of unk , in the same way , as a cloud is a cloud .
And these are these trees , while our cloud is a cloud .
It 's a physical unk in London , but with unk .
You can get inside of the different and different kinds of experiences .
You can use it in the bottom of the most interesting moments in the politicians and unk , and it 's kind of the relationship to the community .
So , both the objects , in the sky , the sky and a little bit of the top , you can see how much new light is .
You can go up .
And a kind of digital unk in the night -- but as a unk , a new kind of experience of all of the people who are going to go
Thank you .
As an artist , I think that 's very important .
Through my work , I 'm not thinking that people are not from nature of nature , and all of these are connected .
The first time I was going to go back to 10 years ago in Antarctica , where my first saw saw .
I 've been moved to unk .
My heart , I was unk , while I was trying to understand what happened .
The unk around me was almost 50 feet away from the water , and I was just able to realize that that was one of the other one year ,
unk are born than one or a unk , or by unk out of it .
Everybody has its own individual .
They interact on the environment and their own experiences .
Some of us have to go up and down to the end of the end , when they do n't have to go back and be in a sense of
If you look at a unk , you think that they are very unusual , and they 're just like we see how many people we see .
But the truth is far away .
And as a result , I 'm a unk , unk , my unk .
In the course of the unk , he unk water drinking water , a lot of life .
I 'm going to look at my images like this , so I would like to see all of my ancestors , in the consciousness that they are able to
It 's not a death , when it comes down ; it 's not a end , but it 's a unk of their unk .
A part of the ice in the unk unk I 'm very young -- a few years old .
And part of the ice is more than 100,000 years old .
The last few people I want to show you is a show that I found in unk unk in unk .
It 's very rare , you can actually find a unk .
Here you see here .
On the left left you see a little boat .
That 's about five feet long .
Please look at the shape of the universe , and where it comes to the unk .
You can see here , he starts down , and the boat came to the other side , the man is there .
That 's the size of a coral unk .
It 's about 30 feet from the water , or 40 feet .
And this video is in real time .
And so easy to show you a little bit of his personality .
Thank you .
My life is really unique in the work of a couple of interesting projects .
But in the unk , I 've been working on for the guy .
His name is unk .
unk was one of the unk in the ' 80s .
Then , one day , he came from walking back and said , " unk , my legs . "
And that was the unk of the Gulf .
unk is completely unk .
It can only be his eyes .
I was about him .
I have a company called design , and I think it 's a kind of part of what we 're in the unk and unk .
So we decided , " unk -- -- and the thing about it .
I met with his father and his brother and said , " We 'll give you this money . "
What are you going to do with this ? "
And his brother said , " I want to talk to you .
I want to go back to him , and I said , " Well , " I do n't know , " I 'm shocked , " I 'm not
And he said , " No , if you look at the long term , and you have an extraordinary thing that you can do .
unk people are not using it . "
And I said , " How do you care ? "
Anyone to see the film , " unk and unk ? "
So they communicate -- they 're going to move their fingers .
I said , " unk , " how can that be ? "
So I came up with the need to just take a unk , and I decided to take a look at what I did n't have the idea of how
I 'm going to go to place and place in his brother and his father -- with the words , " Well , I 'm going to say , "
Because it 's a symbol of someone who does all of them can do it does n't communicate . "
So I spoke to a few months later .
I met these people from unk unk unk unk , and they have a technology that allows them to create a light on every surface , and then with a
So they 're moving around and do unk like this .
They say that all of the things that are up there are a little unk .
It starts with the unk , then the unk , the answer to the Bush -- and finally , the people in art art .
But there was a lot of life in their unk .
So I went home to dinner , and my wife , and she said , " Well , second , if you have this technology , that you can use
That was the beginning of the journey .
And about two years later , something about a year later , after a few years ago , and a lot of things , and then we have some things
First of all , we have the United States , and we open the doors , and we 've been able to do it for a device that he can
That was incredible .
And he 's really quite funny -- I call it unk , because you 're talking about it , or a email , and he says , " I 'm
And we also have seven of us from the world around the world -- literally all of the world 's day -- let 's home .
My wife , my kids , and I are in the house , and these boys and unk and unk and our house .
Many of our friends were thinking that we were stupid to be able to do this , and we were able to see all the images in the walls ,
But for about two weeks ago , we were going to go to the unk , in my kids , I was working on the dog , and then we
It 's called unk , and you can see the unk .
This is a unk , which we used to go from the Gulf of Germany , and a few things from the unk and the unk .
We took a unk , and they have unk , they have an electrical light , and then we have a device that is free -- you can build it
So we have a device to create the whole of all of us .
No police can be unk .
It 's not a hospital .
Everybody else can actually work with his eyes or not .
Thank you .
Thank you very much , it was incredible .
At the end of the two weeks , we went back to unk .
I love this picture , because it 's the room of someone else and that 's his room .
Now there 's all of these unk unk in the great unk .
And after a year ago , the unk , two weeks , unk , unk and unk , unk , the first year for seven years ago .
And this is an amazing picture , because this is an unk system , and he 's about his life system .
We have to bed bed , so he can see there .
We have a unk of a paper on the wall of the hospital .
And he went back to the first time , in the unk of his family and friends -- and you can imagine how much of a sense of what was
Now , we had to go back to the area that we really felt as a part of the unk scene .
At the end , he gave me a email email , " The first time for seven years ago , I had a little bit .
I have the feeling that I had lost water , and finally , someone has to go back to the bottom and my head , I can breathe . "
Is n't that shame ?
This is something like our unk .
That 's where we 're moving into the heat , and we 're always moving forward .
And we have to do a lot more about this device .
It 's an amazing device , but it comes from a unk .
And someone who has a language has a lot more than that .
So we are here to figure out how to make it better faster and faster .
In this time , we have all sorts of unk .
We have a few dollars .
Remember , it 's not free for us .
It all comes from our own cells .
So the unk were , " Oh , that 's fantastic . "
unk unk on us , and then , in December , we 've been back to the Science magazine , as a 50 years ago , which was really cool
The unk unk is -- and this is the whole circle of this circle , with unk unk in the city of Los Angeles , an exhibition called " The
And there are probably going to be pretty much the most dangerous in the unk unk -- unk , unk unk , unk -- all these guys are going to
unk is part of the show .
So basically , I 'm thinking about this : If you see something that 's impossible , it 's possible .
Everything in this room was impossible -- I had this stage , the computer , this film , the unk -- it was n't possible .
Do you do it -- you 're all .
I 'm not a unk , and I never had to do something about unk , but I just got a little bit about me , and I learned something
And this question should be in every one of you , and every one day , what you 're going to do is something you 've done , and if
Thank you .
So , I 'm not writing for kids , and I 'm not most of unk unk .
And I 'm going to tell people that I 'm not like a scientist .
You can make me as a unk , or in a while , but no one ever had ever met .
Today , I want to show you a few circles and unk .
Well , there 's a unk , it 's not something that you can find it because you 're going to go anywhere .
You go to the map , and it turns out as it was .
This is a picture of a circle .
One of my friends has been done -- Richard unk .
It 's the kind of a circle that I 'm going to tell you today .
My village went back to the back in the back of unk School , where I was the unk .
I was one of the week every week in the green green and blue , was a teacher , my mother .
She saved my life , she was using the paper in the unk .
They did it .
They did it for three years .
And I had to go away from the city .
I had a sister , I had 50 dollars , and I was looking for San Francisco in California -- I found a unk -- and I was in a
About three or three years ago , I went to the middle of a call from the teacher , she said , " I 've got to see .
I 'm sad because we do n't even know how to listen to .
Can you go to unk , and I 'm going to meet you with the man , I know that you 've found it .
And I should say , I would like unk , and I would like to tell you . "
Well , the next day we were in college .
We looked at them , we realized , and we knew they had to be in a unk .
We found one for them , and we brought them , and we took it to us , and we gave them to their family , because they needed it
It was something that we had to know .
And just as the woman who taught me to look like , you know , I realized that she came into a box , and he was in my hands
What happened was that there was the circle , it was a circle , and that was what I was talking about .
The point is , death is a part of life .
She has saved my life , and my partner and I lived .
And you know , this part of the life needs all of the rest of life .
He needs truth and beauty , and I 'm so happy that this is what I 've been talking about .
It does n't like it . He should be able to love your love and love , and it 's about us to make these things .
Thank you .
Imagine a big picture , as you can see on 1,000 feet .
Imagine an airplane in unk .
Imagine a unk , unk unk , unk , unk , unk , unk .
It 's shocked .
Well , I had a unique place in this day ; I sat down .
I was the only one who had to talk about unk .
So I looked like it , and they said , " No problem we 've seen a few birds . "
The unk had been able to do it , and we were not so far .
You could see her foot .
Two minutes later three things were three times .
The pilot was the machine after the River River .
That 's not just unk .
It goes on the unk .
Imagine a unk airplane .
And then he wrote three words -- the unk words that I heard .
He says , " unk unk . "
I did n't have to talk about unk .
I was able to see in his eyes , because he was in the life .
I want to share you with three things that I learned about this day to me .
I learned that in a moment , it 's different .
We 've got these unk , we have these things that we want to do in life , and I thought about all the people who wanted to make a
And while I was thinking about this , I was a unk , which is , " I mean , " I mean , " I 'm going to make
Because if you look like this , and the person is there , then I move it .
I never want to go back to life .
And these unk , this goal , my life has changed .
The second thing that I learned about this day -- and that 's when we looked at the Washington Washington , it was pretty much about -- I thought ,
I had a good life .
In my own humanity , and my mistakes , when I get better , I 'm going to be better at all , what I do .
But in my humanity , I had my own room .
And I was at the time that I 've been looking for a little bit of unk , with people who have something .
And I thought to the relationship with my wife , friends .
And after that , when I was thinking about this , I decided to make negative energy from my life .
It 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
I 've spent two years years of my wife .
It feels great .
I 'm not trying to be true , I 'm going to be happy to be happy .
The third thing that I learned -- and during the unk , " 15 , 14 , 14 , 13 , " ...
You see the water .
I said , " Please unk in the air . "
I do n't want to do this thing in 20 parts , as you can see it .
While we did , I had this feeling of human being dying .
Of course , we would have our lives for us .
But it was very sad .
I did n't want to go . I love my life .
And this unk , really , in a mind , that I 'm just like a thing .
I wish I could see my kids .
About a month for a year , I got a friend of my daughter -- no , not a lot of training .
Not not .
And I unk , I was like a little kid .
And in the world , it made a sense of me .
I was at that point when I was able to share the dots that it was in life in the life , it 's about a great father .
More than all , anything else , is my only goal in life , a good father .
I became the miracle of this day not to die .
I got a gift , and when we look at the future , and look and different .
My name of all of the people who are here today is : Imagine what 's happening in the room -- you do n't -- but you 're going to
What would you do when you do that , because you think , would you always be ?
How would you change your relationships and change the energy ?
And more than anything else , you are the best parents who can just be able to be .
Thank you .
The idea behind the computer computers is pretty much .
We do n't want that the Iran went down .
The most important thing in the development of nuclear weapons are the unk unk in unk .
The blue dots you see here is the real time .
If we are able to do the systems systems , the unk and the control system , we can actually make a lot of problems with the unk .
These blue dots are not going to do with Apple software ; they 're based on a completely different technology .
But if we 're able to do it , you can make a unk virus on a laptop laptop , which is used by a unk system that 's about
And this is the plan of unk .
So we start starting with a Iraq .
The unk are in the green box in the box , the unk and the solar system has come on -- mission .
That 's a unk , right ?
I want to tell you how we found this .
When we started our research , we spent six months ago , it was fascinating , which was always true , and the meaning of this goal .
The only thing we knew was very , very complicated , which was part of the unk part , the unk part , he made from unk unk unk .
And it seemed a little bit of unk , with these unk , unk unk .
That changes our attention , and we started to build a project project where we were in our environment , and we looked at this .
And then something happened .
unk was like a unk unk that was not like unk , but he did n't want to eat .
It did n't understand my eyes .
And after we started with different types of paper , I was talking about that this was a unk .
unk in a particular face .
The unk unk in the blue box box was a kind of self - unk , even though , in the computer , what it 's going to try to
And if not , it does n't matter .
So , the idea was really interested in my interest , and we started working on how to talk about the clock , because I thought , well , we
It could say , for example , an American unk , or a unk in Germany .
So we should better soon what the goal is .
So unk unk and the unk code and we found that he was in two digital unk unk -- a smaller and a bigger .
And we also felt that they were built in networks , of people who had all the information information .
They knew anything else , and they had to take them .
It 's probably the most unk of the unk .
So they knew everything .
And if you 've heard of the unk of the complex , you can tell me that they are a science for science .
It 's much more than what we 've ever seen .
Here you see a clip from this code code .
We 're talking about here -- unk unk .
It 's pretty much like unk unk .
And I want to tell you how to be able to use this code .
After what we were first for the first , we were unk , because we know what to do this .
And then we were looking for unk , and we were trying to do this with the real world in the connection with the potential in the real world .
So we needed to share these institutions that we had to do this or something .
In order to these theories , we call ourselves into memory , that it would be absolutely unk to unk unk unk , and it has to be a very
Well , in this area , there 's not a number number of goals .
Basically , it 's going to go back to the unk and unk in the unk .
So I said to myself , " unk me on a list of all of the unk and unk in our unk . "
And I called it to unk and unk her knowledge to how to compare it to what we have in the code and the data .
And that worked very well .
So , it was us to be able to do with the little digital unk with the unk .
The unk is on this part of the unk , this black object that you see .
And if you go back to the speed of this system , you 're actually able to get into the unk , and then finally , it 's going to
What we 've found is that the goal of the system was actually going to slow down and slow down to -- obviously , in order to try to do
The big data is -- we 've got a glimpse of what we 're doing very well and data .
So for example , the unk unk is very much from this code ; you ca n't do it .
I started looking at unk literature , unk like this in unk , and they found that they were called unk , and every unk has unk .
So it made a sense that it got together .
And it became better .
This unk in Iran are born in 15 unk .
And guess what would we find in the unk ?
It 's almost almost a structure .
So again , it was really good .
And this is why we 've been interested in politics , which we 've looked at this .
Well , do n't understand me wrong , that 's not just so .
These results have been done in several weeks of hard work .
And we were just going to get a unk and we had to move .
Anyway , we found , both of the digital data in reality , and we have the same goal , but different ways .
The little unk goes down a unk , and the unk , and the unk and slow down , and they have a lot of unk and six - dimensional
So , in the world , and we are very , we 're actually going to have what the goal is .
It 's unk , and it 's only about unk .
So we do n't have to worry about how to change the goals of goals .
Here 's a really cool thing that we found -- -- I 'm really going to get out of the unk .
There 's the water box , and you 're looking at the unk .
Well , what this thing is , is that there are the unk values of data -- so for example of unk and unk -- and it 's the code
And in fact , this is in the book of data data from unk .
So it 's exactly like the unk in the place , like the unk of the unk with unk unk .
That 's cool , right ?
The idea is clearly not just the unk in the unk .
In fact , it 's a lot more dangerous and more .
The idea is , a digital digital unk .
We need digital unk , where there is no human unk , we ca n't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
So in a way , in a way , in a way , in a way , in a way , in the power of the map , if the
Of course , this ca n't be done from human human beings .
So at this point , we need a digital digital system .
And if you 're in the United States , there are really bad things .
The power is unk .
And not the unk , it 's going to be unk .
That 's scary .
But it gets worse .
And what I 'm going to tell you is very important .
Think about it . This is unk .
He has nothing to do something about unk with unk .
So , he would like , in fact , in work , in a power or a unk .
It 's unk .
And you have to -- if you do n't have -- you do n't have to have a unk unk , as we 've seen it in unk .
You could also use a normal unk technology to use .
You need to be so far as possible .
And if you do it , you get a unk unk .
That 's the consequence of what we need to do .
So unfortunately , it 's the largest number percent of the goals for the war in the Middle East .
They are in the United States , in Europe and Japan .
So all these green areas , these are the urban environments .
We need to have the consequences and we 're going to get better .
Thank you .
I have a question .
unk , it was a lot of a lot of all of the people who said that the unk unk was unk .
Is it true ?
Okay , you want to know that ?
Yeah . Okay .
I think about the unk , but the power is not Israel .
So the car force is the unk unk .
There 's only one , and this is the United States -- that 's happiness .
Because if we could n't even be our problem again .
Thank you to give us a unk . Thank you .
I 've been working on the last few years ago , and I think it 's very difficult , and sometimes it 's dangerous .
I went to jail . unk .
I 've been working in unk , I 'm dangerous .
I worked in unk , and it 's dangerous .
And I 've been working for days , and I did n't know how to eat this -- at the beginning , a little bit difficult in the middle of
In fact , I 've been most of the most important part of my career , I think , and all of these things are trying to change the social
So when I knew , I was going to come here to an idea of the world , and I thought that I would have something else to do something
Some of you may have heard of a couple of weeks ago , a few weeks ago , a few years ago .
I sent a couple of Facebook Facebook , a few weeks ago , and I had people who had the opportunity to go to the unk of my birthday to
Really , some of the people , and companies , unk -- and unk unk , who had the opportunity -- because I 'm sure that Chris has never been
So what you got was , this is what your name is here , my presentation , who you have no idea what the subject will be , and the
But anyway , it 's a very good opportunity .
You know , like many people like this ?
A whole lot .
This is just the unk unk .
But at that point , I knew that someone would buy buy .
If you would ask me this was a year ago , I would n't have to be able to tell you about this .
But in the new project I 'm doing , I work , my new film , we study the world of marketing .
How I said , " I 've been working on a few years ago , but I could n't do anything , I could do something about how many people
You know , I had the idea for a film .
What I want to do is to be a film about unk unk , and marketing , which is going to be done through the whole movie of unk ,
And the film comes " The unk unk unk . "
So what 's in " The unk unk unk " -- it 's all the way down to the end of the end of the end of the end of
Now this brand , the unk , the unk Center .
These people are going to be in the film , and it 's always .
And so what 's the film of this whole idea ? This is what ? How ?
I 'm a unk person .
That was more for more .
It was in unk , for always . "
But we 're not just going to show the X - ray as a unk , but we 're going to make sure that we 're going to make a
So we 're going to buy a unk and it 's going to be the most famous unk that you 've ever seen .
The real car , which you 've ever ever made , " The unk unk unk , " and the most famous thing you 've ever had to have a
So the idea is , rather than that , that 's a part of the life that they actually do to do this , the film ?
And we actually show the whole process of how it works .
The goal of the whole book is transparency .
You 'll see the whole thing in the movie of film .
So this is the whole concept , the whole movie , early on the end .
And I 'd like to realize if I was going to help this .
You know , it 's funny , because when I first heard it , it 's the ultimate expression for the audience .
I do n't know how to be people .
Do you have a perspective ? I do n't want to think about " -- " because this is a negative unk -- but you know how to do that
How much money is needed to change this ?
unk .
I think that it 's hard to make it , but I think it 's all in a case , a few of the most famous stories .
Who knows when the film came out , we might see as a unk .
What do you believe in the answer ?
The answer is probably not true . "
But it 's a difficult thing to do this film or a difficult thing for me ?
unk : unk .
So no , I 'm not so optimistic .
So , Mr. , Mr. , you can help me . I need help .
I can help .
Okay .
unk .
We need to figure out what .
Yeah .
If you look at people , you have to do with this .
There are some places we can do .
Imagine the camera .
I thought , " Look at the camera , " that means we wanted to make a unk .
It turns out that it would be like , " We want to do with your movie . "
And just like all of these companies , one after the other .
No wanted to do with the film .
I was shocked .
They had nothing to do with the project .
And I was unk , because I thought , " The idea of what you 're going to do is how to do it , so many people like to
It 's especially in the world today , in this kind of unk and new media and the media media -- it 's not the idea of this new way
No , that 's what I thought .
But you see , the problem was that my idea had a mistake , and it was unk .
Actually , no , it was n't the mistake .
That would n't be a problem .
That would be okay .
But what 's the picture is a problem .
You see , if you 're transparency with the Google Google , this is one of the first images you see .
I mean , you know , unk unk . Well .
And this was the problem : transparency -- from compassion and unk , just to find out , and we 're going to look at the point of unk ,
You know , we 're talking about a whole amount of transparency .
Our politicians say it is our president , which is our leaders .
But when it comes out there , it 's going to change what changed .
But why ? Now , transparency is unk -- like this guy , that 's still unk .
It 's unk -- like this strange unk .
And it 's also very low .
What else else ?
It 's a unk of unk unk .
That 's very low .
So when I started to start with the companies and they tell us that we wanted to tell this story , they said , " No , we want you
We want you to tell a story , but we do n't want you to tell our story . "
You see , when I was a kid , and my father looked at me -- and he 's going to look at me and look at this idea --
There 's your version , which is my version , and there 's the real version . "
So you can see , this film that we wanted to think about the reality .
But there was a company called a company , and we decided to help -- and it was just because I was John unk and Richard years ago -- I
So , suddenly suddenly come to understand , or what I started to understand , you know , when you start to start with these companies , the idea ,
I 've got friends , the big , unk movies , and I have friends , you know , my friends , the little unk of films like me .
And my friends , the big unk , there are Hollywood movies , say that the reason why their films are so successful , are the unk , they have
And then my friends , the little unk movies , " Well , how do we want to do with these big walls ? "
And the film is called " The unk unk unk . "
So what are we going to see in the film ?
And when I go to the path , and when I look at the unk , you 're going to see unk unk .
And every time , if someone I can say , " I 'm going to say , " Are you going to get enough ? "
Are you ? How do you see a little nervous ?
I want to help you to go .
So , if you 're going to give you a little bit about this paper . "
And then we have one of these great unk .
It 's " unk , " or " " unk " they will have choice . "
We 're going to be both men for men , because they 're on Twitter , or a matter of what it 's always .
That 's the unk .
Now , I can all ask them questions and ask them a unk .
We are a smaller .
So as you look at the films , they 're just like a brand .
So we do n't have a budget like the other ones .
So these things are going to do -- -- you know , you know , people are unk -- that 's kind of why we 're interested .
In words , what would you imagine ?
unk is unk .
That 's a great question .
Woman : unk technology .
Technology is not the kind of what you like to say something like someone else 's going to do .
We talk about unk .
I think , " unk , " It 's a great word that that 's going to do something about a little bit of unk , in contrast , "
It makes you fresh .
How do we live for a little bit better -- better , more than three times .
These things have a unk effect .
And this is a million million dollars .
What about me ? What about unk ?
I 've got to the man on the street that are like me , like unk .
You want to tell me about my brand .
How would you show your brand ?
unk , my brand ?
I do n't know .
I really like to love .
Woman : unk unk unk unk , unk unk .
Well good , what is the brand ?
unk .
I think that , the unk , I 've got , " unk unk . "
I love a black lot of unk , many unk and so much .
But I usually have a unk , like unk , or a unk and so on .
Woman : If you have a brand , it would probably be a unk unk .
Man 2 : The one , which is me , I would say , unk .
Woman 2 : unk , " unk . "
Man three : I 'm unk .
I sell unk in the country around the world .
So I think it 's my brand .
This is my brand in my little unk .
Man : My name is unk because I was unk .
Man five : unk unk unk unk .
Is this ?
One : I 'm a unk .
I was Tom .
Well , we ca n't do all of the radio radio , but I look at the unk of unk unk and unk .
And what he was found was , I was an expert .
I needed someone who had to get into my head into someone who had to help me understand what you would call " the " unk . "
And so I found a company called unk unk .
They have companies like unk unk , unk unk , who helped have been able to figure out this .
When they could do it , they could help me .
They have your pictures , you know ?
I have this . The first picture is a picture of my family .
Tell me a little bit like you 're thinking about your thoughts and emotions .
These are the people who mean my change .
Tell me about this world .
unk : This world ? I think that the world is in the world , you live in -- like people around the world , the friends , the family
All these things are starting and start from a place , and to me , and start to start with my family in West West .
What 's the next one you talk about .
The next thing was the most famous story of my life .
What does it mean to the mind and emotions ?
It 's like to be like .
I think things are different .
I know things that are strange . I like unk things .
Do you tell me about " unk ? What does this ?
What is the unk ? What do you do ?
Why is it important ? What 's the red red ?
Tell me a little bit about this part .
A little bit about you 're not .
What else do you have to do ?
So that does n't have to be in fear of what kind of -- you know ?
unk ! No , thank you !
Thank you for your imagination .
Yeah . Well , good .
Yeah , I do n't know what to get .
There were a lot of crazy crazy things .
The first one , I saw it was the idea that their unk were two of them , but they were unk pages -- the unk unk is a brand
It 's very good .
And I think it 's almost a unk .
And I think , some companies are just going to make a strength , rather than both .
A lot of these countries are -- and this is the human nature -- to make sure that you 're not safe , they 're scared , and these are
What else do ?
The first one is an experiment , Apple Apple .
And you can see here , you know , unk , unk , unk from unk and unk .
Well , there are unk , and they say , these things are going to come , and they 're a unk , a brand , a brand , is
A unk , unk . What 's your brand ?
If you ask you , if you ask yourself to your unk , what would they be like ?
You have a unk ? Do you feel that the blood blood in blood ?
Or are n't you a unk ?
Are you a little bit of unk , unk , unk ?
unk are on the things that are unk , the unk of unk , unk , unk , unk and unk , unk , unk , unk , unk ,
Or are you more like a unk ?
Are you unk and unk ?
Are you , unk , unk , unk , unk , like unk ?
Are you , unk , unk , unk , unk , unk , unk , and he said , " Well , the Dalai Lama ?
In the course of the film , we had more than 500 companies , and the unk and the companies -- they said , " No , because they were
They wanted nothing to do with this film , because they did n't have control control control over the product .
But there were 17 unk , who were ready to get these control of the Internet , who wanted to do something like this , and so I decided to
It turns us to tell the story of unk to tell us how to tell us the story in the movie that you 're going to be used to use
We went back to unk , where unk was unk .
In the entire city , it has n't been working on five years ago , no paper , no unk .
And we went to school , in which companies were trying to go back to school in schools , in America .
The thing for me is that the projects of what I 've got most of my weight or where I 've been the biggest success , which is where I
And that 's what they did .
Because they had the unk , they were the unk , and they said that they could n't be very interested in interest in mind .
I 'm going to start with the artist .
I 'm going to work with him , and I 'm going to do something more different things that people are thinking about our view of life .
And how did they do it ? What ?
Well , there was the film at a film film called unk , we could look at this .
unk unk was in the unk in January , and last year , and that was n't even the whole thing -- there were thousands of unk of this film
This is actually just a period of two weeks .
This is not online online -- no press TV .
The film was not unk .
There 's not even new online online .
He 's not in other countries .
Well , finally , the film was very big .
And that 's not bad for a project , which is almost every day we were talking to their clients , who had to take those three .
Another thing that I believe is , in fact , if you have the chance to lose the risks , the risks of risks in these risks .
I think if you get people out of it , then you get closer to failure .
And I think that if you have to support your employees , you do n't take you to the whole company , to give a profit .
I have the feeling that we need to take people to take risks .
We need to support people who are not afraid to be able to understand that they might be unk .
And finally , at the end , we should be scared .
We should have the unk in the nest .
They 're going to be unk . You 're going to know .
It 's a big unk , so we 're going to do that .
And finally , we should be invited to TED .
Today , more than ever before , before we get a little bit of a little bit .
And that 's what I said , " unk and unk , " My email , " If you 're going to be TED , you 've been told me
Great data will be in the world for the world in big opportunities .
unk unk .
Thank you .
Well , unk , in the name of that , what is exactly what is going to be able to do with the dollar ?
That 's a great question .
I 've got a pair of unk in a pair of unk in the University of the organization , the foundation of the foundation of a website -- in a
My name is unk .
18 months ago , I was going to do something else about Google , and I started to do something about the art and my art , which was also
And it took 18 months .
A lot of unk and stories , which I can tell you to start with 17 interesting places from nine countries .
But I 'm going to focus on the focus .
There 's a lot of stories about why we 've done this .
I think , my personal view is very easy to do with this slide , and you have access to my data .
I grew up in India .
I became a great school education -- I did n't like myself -- but I had a lot of people , and I did n't know any of these games
When I went , I went to , and I found these places , I started a lot of learning .
And while I went to Google , I was trying to make this kind of art -- to make art -- to work with technology .
We started a team , a great team , and we started with this .
I 'm probably going to show you a couple of interesting things , and you have interesting interesting things that have been looking at the beginning .
So you 're just unk .
You can see in all these places .
There 's the unk unk , the unk , the unk , the unk , the U.N. was .
I 'm actually in one of my favorite , which is the museum Museum of New York .
You 're in two ways -- it 's very simple .
unk , unk , and you 're in this museum .
It does n't matter where you are -- -- in Mexico , there 's no difference .
You 're walking and unk .
You want to be in the museum ?
Open the map , and you unk with a click .
unk are you , you want to go back to the end .
Just further . Good .
unk .
Thank you , but the best part .
So now I 'm looking at one of my favorites , unk from unk unk .
I see this unk .
If the museum comes to the picture , you click on .
This is one of the images .
These are all unk .
unk of you who are really interested in art , right here -- but I 'm going to go back .
This is one of the images that we called the unk technology .
This image for example is about 10 billion years ago .
And a lot of people ask me , " What do you get about 10 billion ? "
This is what I 'm going to show you .
You can get very easy and unk .
You see a little paper .
I love this guy ; is expression .
But then you want to be deep deep .
And so I started to play around , and I realized that there was something about it .
And I thought , " Well , that 's interesting . "
I went back to me , and slowly , slowly , these kids have a little bit .
I 've got a little bit of talking to a couple of unk , and I actually found that it was a game called unk , which was one of
It was very popular .
I do n't know why they did it , but I learned something about it .
To be very close to you , you can go to the end .
Just to give you the idea of what I 'm looking for you can see what you get .
Here we were , and this is the painting .
The best part , but -- in a second .
Let 's go back to unk , unk in New York .
Another thing about me , unk .
In the previous example , it was about to understand the details .
But what if you want to look down ?
And what was the only thing if you look like , like this , of course , because of course ?
You can go into it . You can really get it .
I 'm going to go to a unk of this image , and I 'm really going to go to this .
This is not a unk , never before .
Now I 'm going to show you my magic function .
There are still a lot more different , but I 'm the time .
That 's the cool part , he 's called unk .
Each of you , every one -- if you 're poor or poor , if you have a body house -- does n't matter .
You can go online and go to your own museum , and all of these images can make your own collection .
Very simple , you 're going to go -- and I 've created this , which is the power of the unk -- you can unk .
That 's the unk . "
You can do everything with unk , your friends , and you have a little bit about what you feel if you 're looking at this .
I think , finally , to me , is the most important thing that is not about Google .
They come to me , not even the outside .
I should n't say that .
They come from the artist .
And that was an experience for me .
I mean , I hope we 're going to share with this digital medium , and they 're online online .
And the biggest question I 've been asked to do is : " Did you have that experience to experience the experience of a unk ? "
The answer is not .
It 's needed to experience .
That 's why . Thank you .
Thank you .
This is a map of your brain ; your brain can be in two million things .
This is the left half of the unk , the other side , and then the left half of the unk is the unk .
If we could have a scale scale , it could be able to be able to look at the unk every single way we could see the brain .
For example , this would be someone who was completely completely .
This would be someone who was completely unk .
Well , where would you look at your brain ?
Some of us may have been for one of these species , but I think that most of the people in the audience , your brain is like a very
It 's not as if they both both of them or something .
You can be able to prove .
And so , I look at the one of the people together , with most of the other things that have a good amount of the need to make the
But at the same time , we need a good part of the experiments in the same way .
How do we develop this vision ? Well , we love to do it with things .
So we go out , and we 're looking at it , and then we 're going to go through our intuition .
It 's basically the same thing .
So the one who 's developed over the years is probably that there 's a thing about the same time in a place .
I mean , it seems to be able to think about something that has been at the same time in two different places , but they were n't like this
I remember a kid playing playing on a unk .
He was n't a unk , and not very good at it , and he had all the time .
But I bet that it 's playing with the unk of a very surprising lesson , which is the big thing you do n't just about it , and they
And this is a great unk model in the world , as long as you do n't have a famous .
It would be a perfect model for a unk , because they do n't play with play , but it 's little little unk .
And if they put together with these particles , they 're all sorts of interesting things -- like they 're going to open through walls , or they 're at
And so he wrote them all these unk , and they called the theory of quantum mechanics .
That was the state of physics , a few years ago , you had to understand the theory of tiny , tiny particles .
But you did n't have to get the big things to be around me .
That does n't mean me , and maybe it 's not because I 'm not going to do with things .
Well , sometimes I 'm sometimes with them , but not very often .
And I never saw her .
I mean , no one ever ever made a difference .
But my senses , it was n't like that .
Because if all of all the things particles particles , and all these particles are going to follow the rules of the mechanics , but it 's not just all
I do n't know why it should n't be .
So I would like to be able to look at the same thing that if we were able to see that the laws of the laws of quantum mechanics .
So I took a few years ago to do this .
I created one .
This is the first object that you can see , which was in the unk .
So what we 're looking at here is a tiny chip .
And you can see the green green here in the middle .
This is the piece of a piece that I 'm going to talk about .
This is a picture of object .
Here I 'm going to do something . Let 's look at this center .
And here 's a really big very big close up with this little tree .
So what we 're looking at is a little bit of a piece of a piece of light , like a unk , and it 's about the edge of
So I did this kind of thing in the same way that you have a computer .
I went to a clean room with a new room , and unk for 100 hours of all these big devices .
For the last few , I had to build my own machine -- like this , a unk unk hole , and this thing .
This thing has had the ability to be able to do that in the unk , but it needs a little bit to do it .
Look , let me take you an analogy .
You know , as you know , is it in a full hour ?
I mean , when I do in my house , I 'll do all sorts of different things , but I 'll move other people , and I hear all
So quantum mechanics is that the objects are just the same .
The unk on the objects are not only people , but it also light the light that they seem to see and the wind , they 're looking at the
And so we knew that if we wanted to look at this piece of unk , we were able to go through the whole unk unk .
And we did it .
We have the light , and we put it in a vacuum and a unk , and all the air air , and then it was almost all in the
So we have its movement .
We found that it 's really strange .
Instead of that , it was just quiet down there , because it was like the kind of unk , it was like this -- like a unk and unk
In the other hand , we had to put a little bit of unk , we could use it for the same time , and not just unk -- what
So what I 'm going to tell you is a really cool thing .
What does it mean for a object for the same time ?
Let 's look at the atoms .
So the first one , all of the atoms atoms from the piece of a piece of the time and the same time , the same level of atoms and
Just to be able to unk unk .
The rest of the time are unk .
That means that every single one of the same time in two different places , the same time , which is basically the whole piece of light in two different
I think that 's pretty cool .
Really .
That was it for me for all of this year in the room of the room , because of course , what you 're looking at the unk between a
So if a single one in the average time in two different countries can be able to use this piece of three different places , why not ?
I mean , that 's just what I 'm going to say , what I 'm going to say .
So , imagine , if you were able to look at the same time , how would you feel ?
How would you know about your body in the room ?
There 's another aspect of the story .
When we looked at the light and the box , we saw that the piece of a piece of a piece was in a piece .
And so I had to understand this new vision that it looks like if all of the objects in the universe are actually just objects objects in the small room
You hear a lot of talking about quantum mechanics , which is all about everything .
Well , that 's not true .
There 's more more than that , it 's more deeper .
It 's so that these connections , your connections with all of these things are literally literally , and you can see what they are , and that 's the
Thank you .
In 2007 , I decided that we should be able to think about how we think about economic development .
It should be our goal that if they wanted to live in the city where they live and work , they want to be able to see , between one
At the moment we are far away from this goal .
There 's a billion billion people in the developing world not even as a single city city , they would be welcome .
But the most amazing thing is that they are so much more than they do it .
So we could use the world very simple with unk , maybe hundreds of thousands of new cities .
Now , this sounds may not be true for you , if you 're not thinking about new cities .
So you 're just building the building from a toilet to the city of cities .
Imagine if half of the people who live in the city , they did n't have the other half .
They could be able to do the capacity to be built in our house .
But you know what you 've got to do it in this room , and they have to be able to do this in their environment , and they 're
So it turns out to be very hard to get all these unk .
But you could have to create a new new place , a whole new new company , and the laws have to build a building like this , and not
So I 've learned that the governments can create new spaces that have enough for a city , and they have a name : unk .
Later , I realized that there was about the same time , and unk over the challenge of a challenge in Africa .
They knew that every year , about unk unk , they had to go to the United States , and they wanted to know what they could do , to
This is where we have to go back to the unk , said , " What happens when we have a unk area of our country , if we just
In the summer of 2009 , there was a unk unk .
In the next World War , won won in a unk , and the program has been unk unk .
He had to be able to be unk .
In the meantime , I was going to talk about a talk at TED .
unk , of course , in the process of unk , I 've tried to make this complicated concept of the city City on the unk elements .
The first point , is the importance of the laws of laws , the laws that you 've never had to be able to do it .
We 're going to create more new energy , but for the progress of technology , there are legal laws , and there are things that we 're going to
In the end of 2010 , there was a friend of unk from the Los Angeles .
Again , it took him .
The police were called me .
And said , " Let 's take the head of our country . "
So we met in December of unk in the unk of a hotel in unk .
I 've been trying to figure out how much cities are about how much more than they are .
And I 'm going to show this graph , to show how you 're looking at a place like a New York , thinking about it , there 's a
But it was a cultural theory to talk about a place as a song , said , " unk , we would have to look at the moment . "
So the first press was in a very simple shape that was called a city City , and the beginning of the country is an unk , the unk of
That 's why I was from the president of unk , who said that we have to change this project , it 's important , and that 's the way
I was asked to go to unk , and then we went to the fourth and five to a talk .
So , I 've got to talk to a little bit of facts , which is a show like this , which is trying to figure out that if you
This is a picture of the city , and the unk , the new airport , which was built in Shanghai .
There 's an area in the Gulf of an area of 100 .
So I 've tried to try to change the company that if you want to create a new city , you 're going to go to an area of a
These are more than half a thousand .
unk all have .
The faces of unk were very serious .
The unk of the unk came up on the stage , and I said , " unk unk , thank you very much for your talk , but we could
I took him in my laptop . "
So I sat down , and they got the unk .
And I 've got to come to get a new city of new people .
There would be able to live in a city in the city , rather than hundreds of miles away from north .
And a new city is also new possibilities for leaders .
The leaders of unk have been able to be able to get in the help of unk , because they could be able to use their unk , which they
And the discovery of President Obama was to believe that the belief of the belief that I was thinking about as a way to make the government to get to
We are in an area .
This picture is from this place .
It turns out a thousand miles .
And after that , after the 19th century , unk , they started to figure out how to change the region of the unk , unk , to unk a
In a country , a few years ago , there was a crisis crisis in the United States for these unk with a voice .
All of all of the laws of society , they did .
To be part of the case , it has to be eight or eight years ago .
On the 17 , it went to the second time with a voice .
unk to this choice , between the 21st century , and nine years ago , nine years ago , from a 30 percent of the two people in the world
The place is a village .
This is a picture of a big new city , which is unk in New York City , like the city of unk .
Everything that you 've got to see here in the picture , has been working in four years ago , after four years , it was going to get the
The other place , which was very important , was in Singapore .
It 's been built in two cities in China , and it 's three years .
So if you look like this , it 's where we are here .
They 've already been a unk , and it 's about the area of the city .
It 's already already in a study system that has been allowed to do it , and it 's also working on a paper system .
A country has been at his own trial to unk , as a trial for the unk of the unk system of the system .
unk and unk are very important .
They even get to work .
One thing like you 've already already has already known , there 's lots of many .
There are lots of many people who would love to America in America , especially in a place with a food , and there 's a lot of people who
On the rest of the world , there are millions of people who are saying that they want to live in a different place .
A million people go to America and America in the United States .
A lot of them are poor who are forced to get their families to get to work in a long time , sometimes they are mothers , mothers have to
Unfortunately , sometimes there are children who are trying to find their parents back in a few years , have n't seen more than a decade .
So what is it for a idea to think about a new city ?
Or even more of these cities are building , or hundreds of all over the world ?
So what is it for a idea that it has a family between a different number of the cities that have competition in the new competition ?
This is an idea that 's worth worth .
My friends were told me to say , " Thank you .
You know , how many decisions do you go to a typical day ?
You know , how many choices you are in a thousand week ?
I 've done a few years ago , a few years ago , about 2,000 Americans , and the average number of decisions that are going to have a typical
It 's been recently at a study of unk , which was a week for the week .
And these scientists have shown the different things that they 've been doing , and they 've been working on these kids , and so much time they have to
And they found that there was a unk unk in the week with unk .
Each one of these things have been , many of many , many things .
50 percent of their decisions were within nine percent or less .
Just for about 12 percent of their decisions , it 's an hour or more time .
Think about your own decisions .
You know how many decisions you are on the nine minutes of the number of Americans in the hour ?
How good , you think , are you to make the decisions ?
Today , I 'm going to talk about one of the most famous unk of our modern time .
I want to talk about something about some solutions solutions .
Well , when I talk about this problem , I 'm going to ask some questions , and I want to understand your answers .
If I ask you a question , if you 're there , I 'm blind , just the hand , if you 're going to eat a little bit of
Anyway , please , I ask you , if I ask you a question , and your answer is , " Well , my first question about today is :
Thank you .
When I was a unk unk at Stanford University , I went to this very much unk , but at least , it was really unk .
It was a company called the unk .
This business , it was almost like a unk .
They had two different types of unk and unk and over 500 different species of plants and a half more than two different species of water -- and it was
I loved it to this business , but I was thinking about , " Well , how do you get it ? "
Here 's the unk .
They had over over 100 million unk oil , which were the ones in the unk , were made of thousands of years old .
So I decided to go to the day , and I asked the book , " Is this model that you can see all these people ? "
And he showed up the unk of unk that had every day , and they saw their cameras .
We decided to do an experiment and we decided to do our experiment .
Here 's her unk .
They had two different types of unk .
We 've got a little bit of unk right at the unk store .
We 've got six different colors , or there are thousands of unk , and we have two things on the planet , one , which I would have more
They are more people left , when it was 24 percent , when she was six , about 40 percent .
And after that , we looked at the case that people would have a little bit of a paper .
Now we saw the universe .
From the people who were lost when they were 24 , they were only three percent of the body .
From the people who were both when they were six , you know , we looked at 30 percent of them , in fact , I would have a glass
Well , if you put it , you bought the six six times more than a six - year - old , who had six months of when they had
Well , do n't want to make a black cup of buy , we 're probably good for us -- at least at least -- it 's good for our
We do n't decide what to do with our own questions .
So , at the end of the day , we save .
So I 'm going to show you a study that I 'm talking about unk unk , unk unk , unk unk , which we call the decisions for a
And what we looked like , was that the number of unk , which was one of the unk , which was a plan that was the plan of the
And we found that there was a problem .
That 's what we 've done in this plan , we had about unk unk unk people who had two people in the last few months .
And what we found was that there was more money , and that was in fact , the unk was lost .
If you look at that , you have the unk , the two unk , they had a unk in the unk -- not always the way we want .
In the unk , that almost 60 years ago , we had the unk of the unk .
Now , it turns out that even if you look at the potential , when they have more choices for the other , they have , and then it has
And so the people who decided they decided to think that the more choices they had more than they were , and more than they , they were going to
The more opportunities for them , the more they did their money in their unk .
No one of these conditions can be listening to the decision that someone someone you would like to think of our future is very important .
Well , in the past 10 years ago , we 've got people at all sorts of consequences , which are the unk of more and more choices .
They make the decision -- -- it 's what they do about their own lives .
They 're not able to make decisions -- worse and financial decisions .
They 're going to do more things that they do less than themselves , even when they 're going to get better .
The reason for this is that we may be able to tell them that we have a huge full of unk , unk , unk , unk and unk ,
So what I want to share with you today is four simple techniques techniques that we can share in different ways and different kinds of unk , and you can
First , first .
They 've never heard about it , but it was never true as we were less less than today .
The people are worried when I say , " unk . "
They 're always worried that you lose lose .
But in fact , we 're looking for more and more than if you 're willing to go to the unk , and the unk of values can be ,
As a unk and the unk and the unk of unk , 15 years ago , 15 years ago , you have a increase of the 10 to 10 percent
When the United States , she had 10 percent of the unk unk unk , which she had to take the price of unk percent , a result of the
You know , the average average city today is to give you a new products .
It 's a typical place in Kenya .
But the unk of the unk , which is unk unk in the world , unk , and they do n't just like you -- you know , from a
Now in the world of unk , I think one of the best examples that came up to the market is how to do the best of the choice ,
All of you 're going to talk a few days ago , you 're going to unk a unk .
unk , in fact , they would have a choice to be 20 , not unk , or 300 .
You know how people say , " I do n't know how to do it .
It 's all important possibilities . "
And the first thing I 've said , " Tell me how the possibilities of each other .
And if you do n't know your employees , they can not be able to be able to do it , if you do n't ask them . "
Well , before we started unk , I had a conversation with unk .
And I said that he was going to be all of people in this audience , a couple of unk , on the other side of the world .
Here 's an example of the street .
And I 'd like to tell you .
And now I 'm going to show you a few seconds to read it , and then I 'm going to give you if you 're ready to sit on
Okay . Some of us is ready to be unk .
Are you all of all ?
Well , let me show you something more .
They knew it was a trick , right ?
Well , who is ready for this journey .
I think I may have more like you 've heard more .
Okay .
The fact is , you know , in the first time , the first time you had more information , as a second time , but I would like to
Because the images they had to feel for you .
Which is what I want to share with the second thing that allows you to do with the problem of unk , it 's the unk .
It 's about why people can understand the difference between understanding , which has to be able to have the consequences of the planet , and the consequences of these
Why do n't we talk about 30 percent to 30 percent more than if you have a map of a map map or a map of GPS , if you
Because it 's not real money .
And it turns out that if you think it makes a sense , it 's a very good tool that you can get more people to save more .
So we built in a study , which I started with unk unk and unk unk , and we study a study of people who were working on all the
And during the course of this , we have this conference like this , as they said , we just have a little bit of light .
The thing that we 've had to do is we have to say that we had to ask people all of the things that would be in their lives ,
In the way we had this simple thing to do , there was a rise of unk and 20 percent , and there was a higher number of people who
The third technology is unk .
We can better with more than a few more choices .
Here 's an example , a study that we did in a unk .
It turns out that it 's going to go down to the unk and down in the south area in the area of the number of different parts of all
But you know what ?
When I look back to five , and they 're going to send 10 to 10 years ago , and I 'm going to 400 400 400 , and these
Because the other things I say , as I take them apart .
Here are two different unk .
One is called " " and the other is called " unk . "
If you think that the left is the left behind your house , and the press is on the keyboard , and then you 're in your hands .
Okay , there 's a few .
If you think that the left on the left is the unk , and the right , on the right hand , then you 're going on .
Okay , a few more .
Well , it turns out that you 're right .
The one on the left side is a unk and the right on the right hand , but you know what ?
This is a unk unk unk .
The other people have to say something that is not the choice of the choice .
And this problem is a lot of times when you 're looking at the long lines of all these projects .
Who do you want to do this ?
My fourth one : unk for complexity .
It turns out that we can actually do something more than what we think we need to do .
We need to make complexity complexity .
I 'll show you an example of what I mean .
Let 's take a very , very complicated decision . One of the car cars .
Here 's a German church , which you have the opportunity to change their car itself .
They need to make any different decisions to make your own body .
Now , each other is these decisions in the number of choice that makes a choice .
unk , unk , on the car -- I 've got possibilities .
unk , unk , four possibilities .
Now , what I 'm doing is , I 'm going to make the sequence of the decisions .
Half of those who are going to come from a lot of possibilities that have been able to reduce the same possibilities of four .
The other half of the United States are from the dimensions of the potential , four times , the unk , many of possibilities .
What I 'm looking at ?
How do you care .
If you look at the end of the car , it means that you 're going to get the unk , I 'm lost .
What you find is that the people who are able to get to the bottom of these little unk and keep going to go back .
We lose .
Go out of the choice of many of you , too .
It 's the same information . It 's the same number of possibilities .
The only thing I 've done is that the object has changed in this information .
If I do with the simple , I 'm looking like .
Even though that , there 's nothing to me , because I 'm talking about it in the unk , it 's always about me .
It makes me too excited about this big product that I 'm going to do , and so I 'm going to be willing to help to be interested in
Let me jump .
I 've been able to share with four techniques , which is the problem of unk unk -- -- they 're going to be able to move on the unk
Each of these techniques that I 'd like to show you today is to think of what they can do to do better than you , you can use for
Because I think that the key to the answer is that you can choose to choose to choose .
And we do more than we 're going to be unk , the more we will be able to create the art of choice .
Thank you .
Hi . I 'm surprised by unk unk , unk unk in YouTube . I look at YouTube videos .
That 's true .
Today , we want to talk about how videos are coming , and then why this is very important .
We all want to be unk , unk , unk , as I was , it seemed so difficult .
But we have access that we can all of all of our friends , and we do n't know all of all of our culture .
Every single one of you could think about the Internet back to the next morning .
But in YouTube , more than eight hours per week .
And again , it 's going to be a single billion times more likely , and thousands of thousands and looked like this .
How does that work ?
Three things : unk , unk and unk .
Well , let 's go .
Oh my God . Oh my God .
Oh my God !
unk !
unk , unk !
Last year , unk unk video video that he was in his house in the park of unk .
In 2010 , it was 23 million times .
This graph shows how it looked like the video of the last summer .
In fact , I did n't want to buy a unk video .
He just wanted to share one .
Because you can do that , when you go back to the unk , it 's called unk .
He had a whole lot of unk .
And this video was actually already in the last year .
What 's happening here ?
There was unk .
Michael unk was the unk , the video of the day was so unk .
Because of course , like John unk , and new things interesting and show them a big audience .
It 's unk , unk . unk unk unk on unk , unk unk unk to the unk , unk , unk , unk , unk . unk unk on
unk unk unk is one of the videos of the year .
It was almost 200 million times .
This is the diagram .
Just like " unk " unk " it seems to be done . "
What about this day ?
Well , it was lunch .
If you 're here , you know , these other are unk .
But what about this day ?
Well , unk unk , he made a lot of secret to write about it .
Michael was from unk from the theater of the theater of the first one that was Twitter on Twitter .
The point is that a single group or a group of unk , you have a kind of unk , unk , with a great audience , and the process
And then this was the community of people who had these big unk , and they started to talk about it .
Now there are 10,000 unk unk of " unk " in YouTube .
And in the first few days , there was a unk for every single day .
In other than the unk of the middle of the 20th century , the community of the community is going to be part of this phenomenon that we 're going
" unk unk is music and music in unk .
It 's very simple .
This year was almost 50 million times .
And if you do n't think about it , you have to know that it has a unk , which has four million times .
Even Abed look like this video .
Abed are looking at the video of this video .
It 's important that creativity in the unk and unk .
There was unk .
Somebody made an hour .
And then it was unk .
A whole set of community came out of the ground , which was kind of a joke of a little bit of what we should all do .
Today , we 're not just looking at something we do with .
Who would have to do anything ?
Who would have " unk , " or " or unk or unk ? "
What do you have to write about what 's going on ?
In a world , in every year , in the next two days of the video , it 's just really unique and unk as a few months ago .
I 'm not to say , I was n't really interested in a friend , I said , " I 'm going to tell you this beautiful video of a
I got a home , because I did n't go to the unk , but I often do n't have a unk to the unk .
And that was completely surprising , and unk was unk , unk unk had an idea , and he had to talk about five million times .
This approach is for all new things we want to do .
And all of this leads us to a big question ...
What does that mean ?
unk .
What does that mean ?
unk , self - unk , unk unk , which are the properties of a new kind of media , and everyone has access access to the audience .
As one , most of the most famous , they said , " unk " -- at the beginning of all on YouTube .
Nobody has to have to make green green light .
And today , we do all of us as much of our culture .
And these are not the characteristics of the ancient media , and they do n't even know about the media of today , but they 're going to be the
Thank you .
How can I look at 10 minutes more about the women between three generations , and how the amazing structure of this has has been in a year - old
The story is not about .
It 's a paper , which is more part .
I want to tell you some of the unk .
Imagine the first piece of a day , a man who was unk .
He 's an architect , a writer , a man , who had a whole life of all of the existence of hope of freedom and freedom of his home
If you put it in the unk of the unk in unk eyes , he would have to be alive in a single way .
The words , as long as his friends , unk has his unk .
He went into silence .
He died , he had the story .
He 's my grandfather .
I never knew him .
But our lives are much more than our memories .
My grandmother would never be my life .
I had to feel that it was not free for us , and it was my job to learn that the story was trying to tell us , we were
The next thing is like a boat in the early days of unk .
My mother was 16 years ago when her father died -- she was in a marriage marriage , who had two little girls .
And for her life , she had a task , the city of their family and a new life in Australia .
It was completely unk that she could fail .
After a unk and unk unk unk , the boat was on the sea , as a unk .
All of adults were aware of the risks .
The biggest gift were in unk , unk and death .
How most of the animals in my house was a little bit of unk .
In a unk , I would have my sister , and I would call them and my grandmother .
My first memories are from the boat -- this is the unk of the engine , the next one on the wave of the cloud , the full and empty
I do n't remember the unk , many of them , but they were from the unk of the men in our boat , or the unk of the city
But I remember looking at the lights on the unk , and the young man who had died , and the end of the day , and the end of
Not a half of your life would be like this .
After three months in a camp camp , we were in unk .
And the next generation of four women in three generations that are going to make a new life .
We decided to go back to a unk , one of the unk unk , who was in the population of the population .
In other way , in the unk of unk unk , the existence of me was n't quite fascinating , there was no unk .
The unk were coming from the rest of the world .
And the unk unk unk were unk between people who had a common thing , they had started .
My mother was working on a unk , then a unk in a unk , six days , unk .
It was able to look at the time , and English language .
We were poor .
Each dollars was going to be published , and in other education for English and English , no matter what we would have to have to do , we were
Two people in the school , every one of the holes in the other .
A unk to the unk , because she had six years .
And there were the ones , but unk unk unk unk , and there was " unk , " unk , " home . "
After home ?
A little bit of unk me .
And there was a meeting of unk and a unk voice said , " I 'm going to go from the way . "
My mother , my sister and I was in the bed bed .
My mother was every night , and we said to each other of our day , and the voices of our grandmother in the house .
My mother was unk from the boat .
And it was my job , every night , to come back to the end of what they were going to do .
She went to a unk , and then it was a unk and unk .
And the women came up with their stories about men who never change , and unk and unk , unk , men between two worlds .
unk and unk were made .
unk were built .
I lived in unk .
In one of the time , I was a unk - old student who had unk unk on himself .
In the other , I was in unk unk , who had the unk of the violence , the unk and the unk .
But so many of the years ago , years ago .
And of course , I was working in this year in my last year , as a young year of the year .
And I became a part of the next week , and the unk did n't get together .
unk , unk , unk unk , was unk , unk , unk and unk , who had to go to the local community , who had never heard ,
I was not familiar with you .
I did n't know how to use it .
I did n't know how to talk about .
I did n't know how to talk about anything .
And I wanted to go to the unk and the unk of life in a unk unk -- a mother , and a mother , and they were three ,
I told my mother , I would n't do that .
She reminded me that I was like this , when we saw the boat .
No , never had an opportunity .
" Do n't do it , " she said , " and not what you 're not . "
So I talked about unk and education , and the unk of unk and unk .
And the rest of us , the more I should tell you .
I met people in all sorts of people , so many of them did what they were living in the West of the world .
And even though I remember , I realized that I did n't even have a career in unk .
It had to another another .
And I realized in the same time , it was okay to be a unk , a unk , new place in the picture -- and not just okay ,
Because unk can actually be able to change the unk , so it can be very easy to say that you have the unk .
Now , I 've been enough for my unk unk to know that , yes , the world , but not as you know .
unk that could n't have been allowed to be unk .
And there was a energy , a unk , a symbol of the unk and the unk .
So I ended up my mind .
I got a little team of people who were doing for me , not to make a great challenge .
A year we had no cents .
At the end of every day , I was a unk of unk , which we share .
We worked in late night .
The most of our ideas were crazy , but it was a brilliant thing that we did .
I met the decision to the United States .
Just after a journey .
My unk .
Three months later , I went back , and I learned the team .
Before I heard the talk , I want to tell you about my grandmother .
She grew up at a time , in the unk of the social and the people who were the most important person .
The life has n't changed for centuries .
Your father died after her birth .
Your mother was alone .
In 17 , she was the second woman , a mother , her mother .
Without their family , she was unk for her , she decided to put it in his trial , and they were in their own case , and they have
" Do n't even be as a unk .
I 'm going to go in a room in a hotel hotel , when she died in 1,000 miles .
I looked through the unk , and she looked at the other side .
I knew they had to be unk .
My mother called me a few minutes later .
A few days later , we went to a unk in unk , and we sat down to the unk .
We told her stories , and they were the ones that they were .
So back to the stage of unk and he said , he had to jump down .
My mother asked us to put your hand .
She asked me , " Why is your hand and so much of the rest of you ? "
" Because she was in tomorrow . " He said .
" They do n't have unk . "
If there 's a family in our family , there 's thousands of women .
You know , who we were like , and how life we could see , we can see that the men who might have been in our lives , we
It was too simple .
Now I would like to do my own kids , and I think about the boat .
Who would ever believe ?
Yeah , I was scared , unk , unk .
Can I give you a unk in their lives , the unk of unk , the unk , unk unk of the solar system , which is nothing ?
I do n't know .
But if I could do this , and she would be able to do it , and I would do it .
It 's also unk unk here today in the fourth or four .
I 'm here to share my photography with you .
Is it real photography ?
Because this is one of the image you can do with your camera .
And yet , I started interested in photography , when I was the first three years ago , in the age of 15 years .
I put it back to my mother unk , and it was a different different because of the camera was the process of the process of the process .
And if you have a picture of a camera , a camera , the process , when you get to the unk .
For me , it seemed to look at me , really , to look at the right place , the right place to be time .
I believe that everybody could .
So , I wanted to do something else , something that happens in the process , when the cause of the unk will get .
unk like this : a building on a mountain street .
But it has an unexpected unk .
And yet , there 's a fundamental level .
Or like pictures like this -- dark and unk , but all of the common goal , a set of light .
When I look at reality , I 'm an actual reality .
Because of course , of course , it 's not something that you can actually do , but I want to look like it as if they could have that
So , for a few days , you have to remember a short moment , to figure out the trick .
So it 's more like a idea that is really a moment .
But what is the trick , which is really interesting ?
Is it about the details or the colors ?
Is it the light ?
What makes the illusion ?
Sometimes there 's an interesting illusion .
But at all the end , it 's about how we use the world , and how they can build a two - dimensional space .
It 's not about what it 's really , but what we think is not rational .
So I think it 's very simple .
I see them as a look at the reality , where you can look at different parts and make it to be a reality reality .
And let me show you a simple example .
We 've got three - dimensional objects in physical physical objects that we can see all of these three in a three - dimensional world .
But in a certain way , each other , they can create something that is still three more interesting than if it could exist .
But at the same time we know , it 's not possible .
So we do our brains , because our brain is not just not that it makes sense .
And I see the same process in the unk of images .
It 's really just about different ways .
So the things that make a picture is really interesting , I think it 's the things that we do n't think about the things around us in our lives
But if we look at two pictures , it 's really important to think about it , because they 're just looking at things .
So I would say that there are three simple rules to follow a result .
As you can see , there are no three - dimensional images .
But they can do something like this .
So the first rule is that there are the same kind of view .
Secondly , we should have the same unk unk .
And these two images of these two - thirds of these two -- -- the same size , and the same unk .
Third , it 's about why it 's impossible to make different things where the images are starting , and start by unk them .
And it 's impossible to say , as the photo was made .
So if you look at color and contrast to the unk of these images , unk unk , unk unk , unk and color , unk unk and unk ,
Here 's another example .
You might think that 's just a place , and that 's part of the part .
This is a picture , and in fact , it 's completely unk , from pictures of different places .
I think that it 's easier to find a place where to find a place where you do n't have to make a difference between the ideas in their head
But it needs too much .
And as I was like this idea in the winter , I knew I had to show hundreds of three months to build it to the different places in the
For example , the fish was in a unk .
The unk is from another place .
The unk is part of a unk .
And yeah , I 've got the back to the top of the red , unk it around .
To be able to get a result , it comes from me to move .
I 'll start with a unk , an idea .
And after that comes to the combination of different images .
And here 's every piece of every piece of very well .
And if you can get a few images , it can be quite beautiful , and it 's really complicated .
So there are all of these tools , and the only thing that we are doing is our imagination .
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about why there are so many medical medical care projects .
And I think that the most important thing that we 've stopped , with our patients .
And one of the things that we were at the University of university University , which was a unk unk .
And it 's not a scientific scientific theory -- it 's a cup of coffee or tea , and the patient , families , unk , " , " How
How can we help you ? "
And we think we want to think that this is one of the problems , why all of you may -- perhaps only the most of the medical health care
This is my unk -- a very simple thing .
She 's got a button , okay .
And every morning .
And yeah , I have a job , as you might recognize .
I took my job at three pounds .
It just work on every time : every time when I go to the size , it 's all of my data , you know , what they do is
And then they 're going to be able to unk me from my unk , which he can see , where my unk is because it 's not just the
But there 's something else .
Maybe you know , I 've got over over here on Twitter .
So , every morning , I 'm going to look at my unk -- and the people talk to me about what I 'm going to do with my car
But this is the unk , which can be able to do that because this is the unk , is to be able to help patients , because it could
But it could also be used to be able to bring people from their house , and they can make it together , in some kind of play , to
From a week , it comes to the market .
It 's going to take this little blood blood vessels , which you can do with an iPhone or like this .
And it 's going to be able to get people to take home to your blood pressure , to take it to the doctor , and for example , to
This is where the patient 's going to play the game that you ca n't get to control control of your own home , but it can also help us
Do you want to be able to use it , and you start with those patients in the team .
And you can do this in a process , but it 's based on the process .
And one of the things we did , I want to share with you a little video .
We all have in our cars .
Maybe even in our cell phones .
We know exactly where it 's all about unk .
We 've got one , where all the TV are .
And clearly , we can get fast enough .
But where would be the next to the patient ?
We had unk , and nobody knew it .
No one knew where the next legs would be in this moment .
So , what did we do ? We did it in the United States .
We have a website , and we have a unk , " If you see a unk , you 're going to share with you , where he 's when
And over 10,000 years ago , in the 19th century .
The next step was to make the software to find this .
And we have an Italian app app .
We 've created an app for unk unk to create an environment , to create this idea .
And if you could be in a city like a look like someone and you can buy your iPhone , and within the next week you 've got back to
And then today , we do n't want to use it as a unk , as the product is called " unk . "
And we want to go to a global level .
And we asked our colleagues in the world around the world , to talk about where we are able to move on how to control like this in the world
And if you 're in Kenya , and you 're going to be in your own or someone else , you can find a unk .
The other thing we have to say is that companies are around the world around the world today .
This could be unk , or unk , for example , to make sure that the unk unk still has been in his place .
Please help us , and try to do the health , not to do something better , but in your hand .
Thank you .
Today , I 'm going to tell you from discovery .
I work in the unk industry .
And my little thing I want to do is to change the environment , it ...
I mean , this was a unk .
Here 's a short clip of what we do .
Oh , a moment .
It might be , until it 's about .
Well -- we can just make it -- I 'll just show you the video .
No .
That 's not ...
Okay .
unk is ...
Oh , my time is over time ?
Okay . Thank you .
So , a few years ago , I started a program to come back in the design of technology and design to get a year of a year , and
This is called " unk for America , " and it 's a little bit like the unk .
We give every year a few of us , and we 're working with them .
Instead of them in the third of the world , we send them in unk .
And there were developed models that were working with unk .
But what they really do is to show what we can do with technology .
So , Al Gore .
Al Gore is a unk in the city of Boston .
Here 's what it looks like when he was looking for a morning , but what he really looks like , is someone , when he 's unk , because
How did he come up to this particular kind of design ?
We 've had a team of unk in Boston in the World code in America . "
They were in the United States , and it has last week .
And they realized that the city never did this fire .
But a self - unk , a man called unk unk , he realized something else , and that was the unk of the unk , the unk of the
So he did what everybody would have done , he wrote an app .
It 's a nice , you can buy a fire .
You unk him in unk unk , if it 's unk .
If you do this , you can call it a name , and he called the first Al Qaeda .
If you do n't do it , you can take someone out .
So there 's a nice unk .
This is a very small app .
It 's probably the equivalent of the 21st century that have the unk in the last year .
But they do something that does n't do something else .
It 's produced by unk .
There 's this guy in the unk unk of the city , who saw this , that he could call this an app , not for the snow , but
It 's very important to find this -- the unk , but the people who are going to eat .
And so he had the citizens to do it .
And then I decided to buy the app to use the citizens to get the unk of the unk .
And Chicago , she 's been sent them down to the people that unk unk , when it comes .
We know about nine , who do n't want to use this app .
And she turned out , unk , of course .
If you 're thinking about something you know , it does n't usually like that .
The unk software is going to be a number of years .
We had a team that last year in a project in Boston , for three years and two months .
It went to a way of being able to figure out where the real public schools are children .
We 've been told that if there was over the U.S. unk , it had two years ago , and it would have two million dollars .
And that 's not true .
There 's now a project in the unk , which has the two billion dollars , and it does n't work .
And there are projects like this in every level of government .
So an app , which was in a few days ago , and then , from the Internet , it 's a kind of unk from the unk of the
It shows how the government should not work better than a private company like many people think they should .
And not even like a technology company , but more than the Internet itself .
And that means free free , which means open and unk .
And that 's important .
But more importantly in this app , it 's a new generation that has the problem of the government -- not as the problem with a political institution , but
And this is a very good news , because it shows us that we are very good in the collective nature of digital technology .
Now there 's a big community of people who have the tools that we need to do things together in common .
It 's not just " code for America , " there are hundreds of people in all over the country , and you 're going to make a code ,
They have no government .
They 're unk by them , but they do n't worry about it .
And these people know what we 've lost .
And this is when you 're all of your emotions , and the line on the unk and all the other things that we 're really concerned about is government
Today , there 's a lot of people in government .
And if you look at one of these people , I 'm going to make you feel about it because they change things .
The politics change is not the government .
And because the government ended up their power from us -- -- you know , " What do we do ? "
I did n't know a lot of government when I started this program .
And as a lot of people , I thought it was in the government of all of the people in unk .
Now , after two years ago , I went to the end of what it was in all sorts of communities .
This is the center of unk Center for unk and information .
This is where you find out where you 're in your city 's unk .
If you ever have the chance in your mind , you 're going to go to the center of the center , like our unk unk as a team of
So unk comes up with this unk .
He 's " unk " in unk .
And he did n't really have a idea . He starts with unk .
And finally , he says , " Look , you can just open all the door in your house and open music , and look at music , and see
And that worked . unk for Scott .
But that was not the end of the unk .
In Boston , not just a call center .
It has an app , a unk and mobile phone , called " unk . "
We did n't call this app .
This is working in a very smart people in the office of New York City in Boston .
One day -- this is a scientific story -- this is : " I 'm going to see this -- " I 'm going to see if I could n't
How do I get away from ? "
But what about unk " unk " is different .
unk unk was human .
But in unk , " unk " is all the way that everybody can see .
And in this case , it looked like .
And the next one that we 've got to say , " I 've got over here , over the left behind the house .
unk ? Yes ? unk unk .
unk unk on the side side .
Good night , unk . "
Very simple .
That 's great . Here 's the digital language .
And it 's also a good example of how the government has to get into this .
But it 's also a great example of government as a platform .
And I 'm not necessarily a technical definition of this platform .
I 'm talking about a platform for people who help to help others .
One of them has a different citizens , but the government was going to be a very important role .
It took these two people .
And you would have to do it with their unk government , if they needed it , but a city is a better way to create more and an alternative
When a look at the other one , we will help our communities .
Let 's unk the cost , it costs a lot of money .
One of the most important things we have to think is that the government is not the same as politics .
And most people understand it , but they believe that this is one of the other people .
This is the system that is the word .
How many times we have a political leader , and sometimes we have a lot of energy to create a new political leader , and then we 're going to
That 's because the government is like a sustainable ocean , and it 's the center of the city .
And the thing is , it 's what we call .
And we use this word like this .
But it 's this unk , which is the thing that we have to do , and we do n't want to do something that makes us work , something
People seem to worry about politics .
If we want to build this institution for us , we need to be sexy .
Because that 's where the real place is happening .
We need to change the power of government .
So the unk movement has done it .
Did you see these guys ?
It 's a group of unk , who wrote a very well - unk story , which was the answer to the unk unk of the unk of the unk
That 's not true being that is active active .
Well , for those of us who are the government , they have time that we think about the world we want to leave our kids .
You have to give the huge challenges that they have to do .
Do we really believe that we have to change what we need to do an institution , which is what we can do with all of us ?
A government is absolutely necessary , but the need to be more efficient .
The good news is that technology will be able to do the function of the government in the way that it can actually be able to change it in society
And there 's a generation of the Internet , the Internet Internet has been , and it knows that it 's not so hard to do things together , you
Now , the average of our ocean is 28 years ago , so I 'm sorry , almost almost a older than most of them .
This is a generation that was growing up with their voice than one .
They do n't fight the fight that we 're going to fight all of them who are going to talk about .
You can think about each other every time , and they do it .
So , when they do with the problem of government , they do n't care how they can use their voices .
They use their hands .
They use their hands to use applications for the work of government .
And these drugs are using our hands to use our communities .
And that could be able to fire a fire fire , unk unk , a unk with a unk .
And of course , we would have these fire unk that all the time , and many people do .
But these robots are not like the digital brain that we 're not just consumers , and we do n't just have the government of the government , and they
We are more than we are .
And we 're not going to get the way that we 're going to do better .
So the question I ask for you all of this is : if there are the big important things that we have to do with all , we 're all
Thank you .
And usually , if I think of what I 'm going to tell you to tell me how much the new things that are going to be here , and
I 'm going to start with you , just a little bit , a little bit , very interesting .
If you 're going to show you a slide slide .
This is a slide , which I 'm going to get through my paper .
It 's not about the details of the slide , but it 's about the unk form .
This slide shows a map of analysis that we 've got through the performance of unk , which is based on the performance of an unk of the city of
So the interesting thing here is , this slide like this , like a few different things that we often do in our field , a kind of just in
In other words , every step here is a unk in the unk .
And this is a unk that we 've got this kind of unk in the unk line in the area of technology .
A little thing is happening here .
This is basically what I 'm going to talk about .
So , if you could n't look at the light .
Another thing that is , because I 'm going to do something about the paper .
Well , why do we come to the graph of unk in unk ?
The reason for me is , if I put it in a normal unk , where we say , this is the most years ago , so it 's a
This is what it looks like .
And that does n't tell us much .
So if I want to another another technology , we say , we would have a unk , then it would have to look at the unk level of a
But if something like this happened , it changes the situation .
So when the unk of the unk , as we could have the solar technology , then we could go into a unk , and then 30 years ago we
But that 's not so fast .
There was n't even before the history of technology , this kind of unk growth , which has changed all of thousands of years .
The question I 'm going to ask you is when you look at these lines , you see , they 're not going to continue .
It 's not possible that all of it is always for all over time and faster .
There are two choices .
It 's going to be a unk theory -- like this , a little bit new , or it will happen here .
That 's about it .
Well , I 'm a unk , so I think so something like this is going to happen .
Is that really what it means is , that 's what we are here in the moment in the beginning .
We are here on this line , in a kind of change in the world in a new kind of world .
So the question I want to ask , and I 'm often thinking about how this new world will be ?
What is the new state that the world is slowly ?
Because in the course of a very , very unk , you can see in the middle .
When I was a kid , there was the next one day in 2000 , and people were talking about what it would happen .
Now we 've got a conference where the people talk about the future and you realize that the future is still in the year .
When we do n't go .
So in other words , the future comes to a year since I was in the world .
I think the reason for that is that we realize that there is something that 's happening .
The growth is happening . We can all feel it .
And we know that it 's not going to make a sense of 50 or 50 years in the future , because it 's so different , that a simple
So now I want to talk about what this could be , and this is what we 're going to do today .
In order to do this , I 'm going to talk about some other things that really do n't work with technology or computers .
Because I think it can really understand this , we need to take a step back and look at what 's going on a long time .
And that 's what I want to look at this in the unk of life on Earth .
I think this is a sense of a sense , if you get a few billion steps .
So let 's go back , and a half billion years ago , the Earth was a huge , unk unk , many unk of chemicals .
If you 're looking at the same way , like these chemicals , we have a very good picture about how they do .
I also believe there are really theories that have to understand how to start with everything , but I 'm going to tell you a story of the story that
Some of these unk in a particular language of a lot of chemicals , which they have to allow these different chemicals from outside , and so growing .
All of these things were starting .
These little unk were in the sense of unk .
But these were n't even been alive to live alive today , because every single one of them had only a little bit of paper , chemicals .
And every time , when it turned together , they have the amount of chemicals in the water .
So every one , every one was different .
In fact , the unk , which was one of the potential growth for the growth growth , and even more and more and more of the chemicals , and
So these unk , they live longer , and they survive in unk .
So this is just a very simple chemical form of life , but it 's interesting , when this is a trick of discovery , it 's just a very
And in some way , we do n't have to understand that this is the ability to understand information .
They 've learned that the mouse is a cell information , and it 's in a certain chemical , which we can call DNA .
In other words , they were in this kind of unk , a kind of found that they were allowed to send them from what they did , so that
And the amazing thing is that this kind of information is about the amount of billion billion years ago , which has been lost .
In fact , the real system for us , our genes , which is exactly the same code and the same voice .
It 's all of these animals in the same same code and the code .
We are now that we 're just to do what we 're doing in the code , which can be written in this code .
And I 've got 100 100 unk of a white unk , which I 'm going to go back to the unk of unk .
This is what I 've done here , I 've got this code in the code -- the code that we have to do with the unk -- and I
So , if you have a hundred million people , I 'm going to be able to do all of these guys in the room , and all of the
And if I was in a unk , I had to put it in a virus , and in the room .
So what 's the next step ?
The unk of DNA was very interesting .
And the unk of these cells -- they made it for a few billion years .
But then , another happened to be a very interesting , very interesting step in which the different things were different , but they started to use these cells and
I do n't know if you knew it , but bacteria can actually use their DNA .
This is also the reason why it 's not the antibiotics .
Some of them have found out how they have taken out of unk , and they have this information together with other bacteria in the DNA , and we have
This communication was allowed for many of the communities that were in some kind of unk in the same ; they were unk .
So they 'd either either survive , but they went together , but it was that when a community has been lost all of the community and more of the
The unk is there , where these communities are so close that they decided to make the recipe for the whole community in a network of the DNA .
And the next few years ago , it was about another billion years .
At that time , we 've developed communities , communities , many of the most unk unk , which are together in a single organism .
In fact , we are also like this community .
We have a lot of cells , which are more more than alone .
Your skin cells are without unk , stem cells , cells and so on .
So these communities started in the way that this is the level of the evolution , not longer than the single cell was , but the whole system that we
The next step is happening in this community .
The unk started to unk information .
And they developed developed structures , which is nothing else else than information in the organism .
And these are the structures .
So the cells are the unk of the unk , these unk have built .
They started to put together in the community , a unique pattern , which were responsible for the process of understanding and understanding the information .
And this was the brain and the nervous system .
And they gave them an interesting advantage .
Because in this time , we have an individual in an individual experience -- it has evolved in the period of a single single organism , because of course ,
So , in an animal , for example , you could find a little bit of not eat , because they were unk , and he got sick , and
This could be able to live in the ocean of a single species of thousands of years ago , because of these information , they had to be able to
So the nervous system has been able to use this particular area because the evolution has been able to meet one individual in an individual .
It could be able to look at one in unk .
What happened after that is that the individual organisms have a different way to communicate .
Just as an example , the unk unk unk the language is the language .
It 's a pretty amazing thing when you think about it .
I 've got a very complicated , unk and unk idea in my head .
I 'm going to sit here , and I 'm basically unk unk , which I hope to be able to look at a very similar idea in your head
So we 're going to do something very complicated , and it 's kind of a sound of sound , and they 're doing something very complicated in the same
So that allows us to do this as a self - organism .
And what we 've done is we 've done , we have humanity , we 've got to write .
We 're going through the same level of unk , unk unk -- which is , of course , like our data , we can share with it .
The invention of technology was a little step in this direction .
unk , computers , unk , unk , and so on all , we have all of our behavior , which we built in our community , to create this
And it 's all of us all together to do something that is much larger , and it 's able to grow faster faster than we 've been there .
So today , it can happen now in the process of unk .
You 've also seen a little bit of unk unk unk where he has a little bit of evolution in the unk , you 've got right in front of
So we have the unk unk again .
The first step of the story that I told you , a billion years ago .
The next steps , like the nervous system and the brain , a few hundred million years .
Then the unk steps , like language and so on , less than a million years .
And these three steps , as well , maybe only few decades .
The process comes from itself , and so , I think , unk unk , is the word -- it 's a little bit of unk .
The more it is changing the way it does .
And I think this is what we see here in this curve .
We see the process that comes from itself .
I live in one of the computer from computers , and I know that the mechanism that I can use the computer to do is not able to do it
My current activity is in objects objects with this kind of complexity , that it 's impossible for me , this is in traditional sense .
I do n't know , every single one in the unk .
It has billions of billion .
What I 'm going to do , and what 's the designer from thinking unk , we 're thinking about a certain unk , the machine and the machine makes
And it makes it in some ways that we do n't even understand .
One way of , which is interesting interesting , and what I 've been used to do a few times a lot of the evolution itself .
And we create a unk in the machine , which is in the unk area .
For example , for example , in fact , in the most cases , we can do a program , which is able to be able to be able to
We say , " computer computers , unk , a hundred million times more unk .
Now now , all of these guys are going to follow the instructions of unk , all of these programs , and then follow the people who are at the
So in other words , I first want to do what I want .
Let me say , I want to say it would be an example of what I used to do .
So , based on what they can do .
Of course , the chance has been very likely to be unk in a very small way that they 're going to be able to be able to tell them
But one of them like a little bit of two numbers in the right thing .
Now I 'm saying , " computers , you 're going to get 10 10 years ago , what I 've got on the next three days . "
unk these unk , the rest .
Now all of all the time , the numbers are best in the best .
That 's one of the method of unk , which is unk . "
Take two hours , and they teach kids from the Internet and their children , and the kids who are able to bring the images from the two of these
So now , I 've got a new generation of thousands of unk , which came up to a new generation of more than others .
Tell , " Let 's take this process . "
unk them .
unk may be a few .
And let 's go back to another generation .
All of these generations need only few years ago .
And so , I can also have a evolution over a million years ago in the computer in a few days later , or even more complicated hours .
And finally , I ended up that they can be perfect .
In fact , these programs are so much more efficient than every week that I could have to be able to read .
When I look at these , they do n't tell me how they work .
I 've tried to understand them .
It 's unk and unk .
But they do the job .
I know , and I 'm very sure that they 've done the job , because they are from a series of thousands of books coming out of the job
Because their life was on the way they did the job .
I sat back in a unk , unk unk , a map of unk , and say , " Look . Look at this .
So , here , in the airplane , you 've got hundreds of thousands of unk , which are working on all of your airplane , you do n't make
We know that it 's not an unk , if it 's complicated .
So let 's start with computers in the computer , for a process , which is based on the kind of music .
So it allows us to make a lot more interesting than it could be used to use different ways .
And yet , we do n't understand the possibilities of that .
So unk unk us .
We use these programs now to make the computer faster faster than we can do this process that process can still be able to go faster .
So it creates a unk .
It will be faster and faster , and I think that 's why it seems so that it seems to seem like this .
Because all these new technologies are today from themselves .
We pay .
We are at a point where we 've been able to be able to be able to use organisms like organisms .
So we are the ones , and we ca n't do it in the world , which is what we 're going to be here .
We are in the middle of unk .
But I really believe that it comes to us .
I think it 's very unk from us to say that we are the results of the process .
And I think we all are here are part of what 's going to be next .
Well , the lunch here is before , and I think I 'll hear about it before I 'm going to be unk .
My story starts in unk , about two years ago .
I was in the middle of the desert in the desert , unk unk .
We were talking about nothing that has changed in the history of the United States . "
When we went to school , we wanted to go to a car , and we know about the sky .
Now we do with the airplane .
At the end of the Indian Indian unk unk unk , he took a unk , and he went to the ground and water .
Now we do it with unk and machines .
We came up to the magic of the magic and magic of machines .
It was really sad .
I got a fear of unk .
It made me fear that I had to be able to lose the speed of music without the camera without my friends .
I found that the magic can be done , and not kill .
When I was a little girl , I had my grandfather down his little unk .
This is 50 years old , it was the unk thing for me .
It became a unk access to the world full of unk and unk and images in my mind .
I looked like this , when we were going to send our unk , and we took all of this .
They gave us to be inspired .
And so I went to the world of the technology to see how I could use it to make magic magic , rather than I kill .
With 16 , I started to write books .
When I saw the keyboard , I saw it as an instrument of the discovery that the story on the whole world .
It can know how we feel it .
It can know where we are .
It took pictures and images , and video , sound and sound .
The lesson has always more senses .
But what do we do ?
Now , I 'm going to go back to create an interactive app app .
This is : " unk your fingers on your light . "
And so here -- here I say , " This box is " -- I write my name .
And I 'm going to be a character in the book .
unk and back to a letter to me -- and the elephant knows where I 'm going on -- I 'm really interested in unk .
The kid in me is such an idea that I 'm really excited about this .
I talked a lot of magic .
I do n't like that , and I was like this , but the magic of the ones that were all of our children .
unk in a glass of me was always quite exciting .
So you have to put this back to the unk and the unk .
And the light the way through the rest of the book .
Another idea that I was as a kid is that there 's a whole galaxy in a single single way .
And so this is going to get a book , and a whole new thing that I 'm going to get here is the magic device in the device .
And this is a map .
unk , they had to go to the cards , but these maps were moving .
This map is growing , and it 's unk for the rest of the book .
It turns out to another other book .
I go home .
And it 's important for me to do something that is unk , but it 's very unk .
This is the unk .
We 've all heard of all of unk and unk unk , but many people are looking out of their Indian colleagues ?
The poor were thousands of years in unk unk , in a old book book .
And we bring them back in a long story for children .
One story that comes with new things like the unk .
The issue , a big problem of the last 10 years is that children are in their house , they do n't have computers , computers .
But now , with technology , we can use our children in the natural world of technology .
In a interaction of the book , you 're looking for a search for you , and you 've got to the camera and the camera of the bones of
As a kid , I had unk from unk , unk , unk and unk .
unk do n't do more .
This is going to be unk . You 've got to go to a high - old photo from a single one and to do it .
In the other hand , you have to take a piece of unk and unk .
So you can actually build a digital collection of images that you can online .
A kid in London in the picture of a unk and says , " Oh , I 've seen a unk . "
A kid in India said , " I 'm going to see a monkey . "
This creates a social network around a digital collection of images that you 've got .
There 's a variety of possibilities of magic , which is the world and technology .
And in the next World , we 're going to look at the interaction with the video of the computer , and in reality , a look at an interesting
In a place , there 's a screen on the screen .
You have to hear the sound of the unk , and they can tell the rest of the book .
We all move to the world where we can change the technology of the technology and the magic and technology will be able to do .
We use the energy .
We bring our kids , and we 're closer to the natural world and the magic , and the love of our lives are just a simple story .
Thank you .
This is really an amazing privilege for me .
I spend most of my time with people in unk , or unk .
I spend most of my time with the social unk in the unk , and places in places where there are lots of unk .
This is at TED to me , and to hear what he 's like , I 've got a lot of power .
In the short time , I became a clear : TED has a identity .
You can say things in the world .
And sometimes , if you talk about TED , you get a sense , and it does n't have it .
I 'm saying this because I think that identity is very important .
We 've seen a couple of amazing unk .
I think that we have learned that the words of a matter of meaning , but the words of one of the most wonderful stories are special .
When you can do a doctor , you 're going to do something like a doctor , but you can do more .
And so I want to talk about the power of identity .
I did n't like that in my work as a student .
I 've learned this from my grandmother .
I became a big family in a family , a traditional American unk , which was from a unk , and that was my grandmother .
She was a unk , unk woman , she had effect .
She had the last word in every week .
It was also in the family of many of our family .
She was the daughter of unk .
Your parents were born in France in Paris .
It 's been born to be born , and the experience of unk was unk .
My grandmother was strong , but she was unk .
When I met it as a boy , she came to me and to me .
It gave me so much that I could barely breathe , and then I would go .
One or two hours later , when I got her , she came to me , and she said , " Do you feel ? "
And when I said , " No guy said , " she gave me back when I said , " Yeah , she said to me .
It was a little thing that did n't have to be close to her .
The only problem was they had 10 children .
My mother was the last week of their kids .
Sometimes if I had time with her , she was hard to get their attention .
My son were everywhere .
I remember , I have to talk about nine or nine years ago , I wanted to go to the morning , and I looked at the room , my
My grandmother was at the end of the room , and I sat down .
First , I thought it was a game .
I saw them , and it was very serious .
This was like 20 or 20 minutes later , and she came back to me . She took me the hand and said , " Come on , and I
I remember when it was yesterday .
I 'll never forget .
She took me to you , and said , " Well , I 'm going to tell you something , but you have to ask you that it 's not
I said , " unk , unk . "
She said , " unk ? " I said , " Yes . "
She sat down and looked at me . I said , " I want you to know that I saw you . "
She said , " I think you 're something special . "
She said , " I think you can do all of what you want . "
I 'll never forget .
And then she said , " You 've got to have three things , " unk . "
I said , " OK , unk . "
She said , " Well , first of all , I 'm going to tell you that your mother is always going to be . "
She said , " My mom is my baby , and you have to ask you to realize that you 're going to care about it . "
I 'm my mother , I said , " Yeah , yeah , I 'll do that . "
Then she said , " Well , next to me , what you 're going to do the right thing . "
I thought , " Well , " Yeah . Yes , I 'm sorry . "
And finally , she said , " The last thing you 've got to follow me , " because you 're not going to be hurt . "
Well , I was nine years old , and I said , " Yes , yeah . Yes , I promise . "
I grew up in the country , in the old village , and I met a brother , a year old and a year .
When I was about 14 or 15 years ago , one day , my mother came home , and she took this little unk with my sister and me and
We unk them around the other way .
And then he took a sculpture , and she took my sister , and she took them , and then she decided to give me one .
I said , " No . No , no , OK . "
My brother said , " Well , now we 're going to do you , but you 're all else what we do . "
I had her , your sister had said , " unk , unk . "
I said , " I do n't want to power . It 's just your power . "
My brother went to me .
He said , " What 's going on with this ? Well , what ? "
Then he looked at my face and said , " Oh , you 're not going to go back to the book with his head ?
I said , " What do you say ? "
He said , " Yes , all the stories that they were special . "
I was on the ground .
I 'm going to talk about you .
I should n't do that .
This is going to be unk today .
I 'm 16 years old , and I unk that I 'm never going to be a unk .
I 'm not saying because I think that it 's because I mean , that means " identity " means " meaning . "
If we can have the right kind of identity , we can change the people around us that they do n't believe .
We can get them to do things things that they could n't do .
Of course , my grandmother would tell her their stories , they were special special .
My grandfather was in the unk .
My uncle died in unk .
And they believe that this is the issues that we should have .
I 've tried to say something about our unk .
This country is different than 40 years .
unk were people in unk and unk .
Today , there are hundreds million million .
The United States has been the unk of the world .
Seven million people are on unk , or with unk .
I think we have changed in our world change .
In social and black parts of the population of death and despair , because of these changes .
One of the three men 's black between 18 and 30 years is in prison , in prison , in unk , or unk with unk .
In urban communities in the country -- from Los Los Angeles , in Washington , in Washington , in Washington -- in 50 percent of all young black men in
Our system will not only be designed by their own questions that they have to do with unk poverty .
We 've got a country in this country , which is much better than if you 're rich , and they 're not poor .
unk , not unk , unk .
However , we seem to be happy .
It 's a political fear of violence , and we have convinced that these problems are not our problems .
We 've lost lost .
I think that 's interesting .
There 's a couple of unk unk .
My father goes back to the unk if you 're going to win .
Here and today , in unk , the unk of the black people are lost .
We believe that in 10 years ago , the unk of the unk is unk in the unk of the unk unk .
The silence is unk .
I teach kids .
Many of them are very young .
The United States of America are the only country in the world , the kids are dying in prison .
In this country , there are kids for more than unk in unk .
We already have a lot of activity .
The only one in the world .
I get people in unk .
The question of death is an interesting question .
We believe it because we 've been taught that the real question is : there 's a human being for a man of unk crime .
That 's a very interesting question .
But you can also look at something differently about how we find our identity .
The other view is not : someone had a crime to death , but , " Did we make it ? "
I think that 's fascinating .
The World War in America is based on unk .
In nine people , we 've got to come down , that we 've been looking for ourselves , and we 've lost the day of death .
A amazing unk . One is nine percent .
I think that 's fascinating .
We never would have to fly with a plane , when the nine months , the airplane , a unk .
But kind of , we can do it with us this problem .
It 's not our problem .
It 's not our unk .
It 's not our fight .
I 'm talking about these questions .
I talk about race and the question we should be right .
And it 's very exciting because I 'm going to give my students , I 'm talking about unk .
I 'm talking about terrorism , which is at the end of the end of the World War .
We do n't really know much about it .
But for the Americans in the country , it was a time of terrorism .
In many areas , people had to be scared of unk .
Or two or bombs .
It was the fear of terrorism , their lives .
This older people come to me and tell me , " Well , you know , you say , you 're going to tell you to tell you the people
You say , " No , say , people who we grew up . "
And after that , of course , of course , of course , there was the last decades and the unk of unk and unk unk .
And yet there are in our country , we do n't like to talk about our problems .
We do n't like to tell our story .
And so we do n't really understand what makes our sense in the context of context .
We 're all time .
We 're going to create new areas and conflict .
It 's too hard to talk about race , and I think that 's because we do n't want to be ready , and the process of the truth and
And in South Africa , there were n't going to be able to move to the face of truth and truth .
Even after the genocide in Rwanda , they had to stop that in the country .
I have a couple of unk in Germany over the death .
It was fascinating because one of the scientists said to me about my talk , and said , " You know , it 's very careful , so you can
He said , " In Germany , there 's no war .
And of course , it can not buy Germany . "
It was very quiet . And then a woman said , " When our story , it 's impossible that we 've never ever been able to get back to
It would be unk by us , and we unk people . "
I thought about it .
How if it was in a world , in the United States , unk , especially when people had a lot of life .
It would be sustainable .
It would be unk .
And yet , here , in this country , in the United States , we 're going to go to people -- here 's the risk of death , death
And yet , there 's this mental unk .
I think our identity is unk .
If we do n't care about it , with these difficult , there are the positive and wonderful things .
We love innovation .
We love technology and creativity .
We love .
But finally , these guys are unk of unk , unk , unk , unk .
It seems to be both important .
Because we 're going to talk about that we need more hope to get more , more , more , more and more to make sense in a complex world
For me , it means to go back to the problem , and to talk about the poor people who are never going to be TED .
But think about a kind of way , in our own lives .
We all have to do things that we ca n't see .
We do this . So , we 're also very , so we 're very powerful .
unk , creativity , has n't come from our eyes .
They come from ideas that are going to be the belief in our hearts .
It 's the head of the heart heart , which I believe that they do n't want to be open open to all the light and unk things , but
unk unk , who said , unk , she said .
" When we went to Europe in Europe , we wanted to do anything , but what we 've been doing most of us , was a hope , a
This belief is the heart of the core of what I believe that the TED community have to do .
There 's no science for technology and design that allows us to do it , and to be human , we do n't have to look at the eyes and
I want to do you . This kind of identity is very much more than us than we do n't care about it .
It 's unk .
When I 'm a unk , I 'm a great privilege to go to unk .
Woman gave me back to back to the time , where they had their friends in their friends , they saw older women , unk unk , who had the
So these women came to us , and they were simple .
unk , and I said to me , and I said , " unk , who comes to the city . We want to talk about .
Do you want to listen and listen ? "
And I said , " Yeah , yeah .
She said , " What do you do when you 're here ? "
I said , " I 'm listening . "
And I went over and I just heard .
It was always so unk , so unk .
One day , I sat down there , and I heard this women , and after a few hours , she was told me to say to me , "
What do you try to do ? "
I started with my talk .
I said , " Well , we 're trying to worry about oxytocin .
unk people want to be unk .
We want to believe and unk in unk .
We want to create a unk without a unk , for children .
We want to talk about the death war .
We want to count the number of death .
We want to buy unk . "
I was thinking , and then she looked at me and said , " unk . unk . "
She said , " You 'll get very , very poor . "
Then he gave me a unk , and I had to take a unk on my face and said , " Well , you have to be very , very
And so I believe that the TED community should be .
We have to find ways . We have the challenges of this problem , this problem .
Because all of our humanity , our humanity humanity .
In my work , I 've done very simple things .
I 've learned a few simple things .
And all of us are more than what I 've ever done .
I think that 's true for people in the planet .
If someone says , it 's not just a place .
If someone else does n't hear it , it 's not just a unk .
Even someone who is not only a woman .
And because that 's so , there 's a fundamental human dignity , the law is the law .
I also believe in many parts of this country , and with security in many parts of the Earth , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
I do n't believe that .
I think that many people are the opposite of poverty .
And finally , I think that although it 's very dramatic , it 's so beautiful , and so we realized that we do n't end up to our technology
After all , a society is not going to be able to measure how they do their rich and strong and unk , but they do with the poor people
Because in this context , we 're starting to understand the amazing things that we 're doing .
Sometimes I lost the balance . One story .
Sometimes I 'm very much .
I 'm tired , as we all .
Sometimes there are these ideas that we think about very important way .
I 've got these kids who were very hard to unk .
I 'm going to go to the unk and unk a year later , 13 or 14 years old , and as you have to be in Kenya .
Then I ask myself how could it happen ?
How can a stick with someone else ?
The other way he looked like this , but I see a child .
One night , I had a long time in a long time , and my God , when someone had to give us something else , and then he had
Right , unk , unk unk .
You should have the wish .
And because it was late , and I did n't think about it , and I started working on a plan .
I had a woman , a black , black black man .
And I started working with this guy called the unk : " unk , my poor , black black unk like a unk , white , white unk , unk
In my argument , I decided that the unk and the police , and the police and we should be interested in religion .
There was a crazy book , and in this country , there 's nothing more than unk , that it 's only a unk .
The next morning , and I did n't know if I was thinking about this crazy book , or he did .
And to my brother , I did n't just read it , but it went to the museum .
A few months later , and I had all day .
But finally , I decided to myself , my God , I had to go to the unk , and I thought this crazy .
I went to the car , and I was really happy .
So I went to the museum .
And I thought that it 's so hard to do so .
After all , I went from my car and I went to the back to the space .
When I went to the back to the museum , there was a father , black man , who was in the museum .
When he saw me , he came to me , and she said , " Who are you ? "
I said , " I 'm a lawyer . " He said , " Do you say ? " I said , " Yes . "
He came to me and unk me .
Then he went to my ear .
He said , " I 'm so proud of you . "
And I have to say , there was my power .
It was a little bit deep deep in my identity , the ability of every single day , to create a community of a community of hope .
Well , I went back .
And the mother looked like .
He said , " Mr. unk , did you get this crazy ? "
I said , " Yeah . " And then we started to speak .
And more people came out of it , because they were mad .
I thought that I had these crazy things .
unk came in and unk and unk .
In the unk , the unk was full of all of the people who were talking about our skin , talking about poverty .
From my unk , I saw the unk and go .
He looked back to the window , and it could all hear the whole day .
He went on .
And finally , this black man had a little bit of unk in the unk , and they were right behind me , almost unk .
10 minutes later , we gave a press .
In the course of a day , he was going to go to the unk , who was in the unk .
This unk unk went to the older .
He said , " Well , what do you do in the unk ? "
The black man stood up . He saw the unk , he looked at me , and he said , " I 'm going to talk about this young man
I 've got to TED , because I think that many of you have understood that the moral function of the universe , but it 's about justice .
That 's not as a human beings , we 've never been able to change human rights and health care .
That 's all of our lives with every single species .
That we have our vision of technology and design , and we need to understand our humanity , compassion and justice .
And most of all , I want to tell you about this , and they just say , " You do n't get the eyes . "
They 've been in this audience , this one of the audience , and then you can help to help and do something .
What can we do ?
unk : Well , there are different possibilities .
If you 're in California , you know , there 's a unk system where it is about what 's going to do something about the unk of the unk
Here , in California , for example , in the next five years , a billion dollars for the death rate is a billion dollars .
And yet , finally , after all , not all of the unk 's unk with a unk .
unk percent of all of the unk are not going to be done .
Here 's the opportunity to do something .
This one is going to argue that the money will be more money and security .
I think there are everywhere .
In the last three decades , the unk in America has been unk .
This is a lot of a lot of unk in a relationship with unk .
What would you say ?
Well , in fact , the number has not changed .
The majority of the country in this country has n't really been in the class of unk .
It was the unk of unk .
So there 's a lot of the deep sea down in the unk .
We have unk unk from the unk of punishment .
Now we 've got three - dimensional unk unk , which people do n't always sit on the Internet , for a unk , for a unk , which is
I think we have to have more to do more people to help the victims of a bad have not less .
And I think that our unk will not help us .
I think this is what we need to change .
unk , you know , there 's a theory of unk .
They are a unk .
Thank you for TED . Thank you .
Narrator : unk unk is a unk unk .
Narrator : unk , there was in unk . unk three unk : unk police .
Narrator : unk unk . unk five : unk unk .
Narrator : unk unk . unk : Seven .
Narrator : unk . unk , nine years ago .
SJ : unk unk . unk unk .
unk . unk . unk . Egypt .
unk . unk .
Oh my God .
So these are just a few of the ones that I 've been looking for the last six months of -- and they had the last six days , or
The fact is that the media is to tell us that there are more positive to show us because our minds are doing this same attention .
And there 's a very good reason for that .
Every time every day , we can change our senses more much more than what we can ever do .
And because it 's not more important than our survival , the first day for all of the information is part of our unk , the unk .
So the unk is our early unk , our unk .
It 's unk and unk the whole information on the search for unk , in our environment .
So if we look at the news , we 're looking for a lot of positive news .
And the old says , " If it goes down , the demand is " unk . "
Well , with all our digital computers , the seven days of week , every day , 24 hours of all day , this is not a miracle that we
It 's not a miracle that every person is that the world is always worse .
But maybe it 's not the case .
Maybe it 's reality .
Maybe the price of progress , which we 've developed in the last century , there are so strong that we can go to the next three decades in the
Well , I 'm not saying that we do n't have big problems -- climate climate change , and water -- we 've got .
And as human beings are much better , we have a very long term , but they 're going to follow .
Let 's look at what we 've seen in the last century we have to change the development .
In the last hundred years ago , the average life expectancy has more than 400 years ago , in the population of the population of the population of the population
Child mortality has to be a unk .
And that comes up to the unk , unk unk and a cost of unk .
Steve Steve has shown us that we 're working in a very dangerous time in the world .
And there 's been 16 years old unk unk in the past 40 years about 25 percent of 80 percent .
We live in a very extraordinary time .
And many people forget .
And we 're going to increase our success .
In fact , we have poverty poverty .
If you think that a lot of the Americans who live in the middle of poverty , they have access electricity , water , TV , TV , television ,
The unk of the last century , the unk Earth would have never been able to be able to be able to be able to change the unk .
The foundation of many of these technologies , and these are unk .
My good friend of mine has shown us that all of the bacteria , which is information for the process of information , on the end of the law of
That 's the cost of your cell in your pocket is about a million times more and faster than thousands of a year ago .
Now look at this curve .
This is unk 's Law 's last year .
Look at two things on this curve .
One , like , " unk " -- " they 're good in bad times , " war or peace , climate change , depression .
This is the result of the computer , the computer computers .
They slow down for our big problems .
And yet , of course , in their own unk unk on the left side , it 's unk .
So the growth rate is .
And on this curve , on the back of the law of law law , we find a small structure of all of the rights .
" unk unk , " which something to my friends in unk , " unk " unk , " and unk , robots , 3D 3D , the unk ,
How many of you have to win from the Gulf of unk unk ? "
That was too .
I 've got the French unk , and we looked at the best news that I found .
I love this : " unk unk unk . "
" unk is not a simple game .
It 's about the unk language .
Imagine if you have this artificial intelligence in every one of the unk .
So four years ago , I came from Los Angeles , and I 'm going to TED a TED university , who said , " unk University . "
We 're going to teach our students all of these technologies with unk with how they could be able to change the big challenges of humanity .
And every year , we asked the students to build companies companies , and companies are able to do that within one of the positive life from billions of people
Think about it in a group of students who are living on the billions of billions of people .
About 30 years ago , it would have been unk .
Today , we can be able to set up in Mexico from companies that have done this .
If I think about it , I do n't make a life full of all of us on this planet , it 's about how to make a life of
It 's about , from unk dollars .
It 's unk , and technology is a natural force .
Here 's an example .
This is the story of unk unk in the middle of the 19th century .
He 's the guy on the left .
He had the King of unk unk .
unk unk had unk unk ; he was unk gold .
The king of unk unk had unk .
unk was at this time , the most beautiful unk on the planet , more than gold and unk .
This is the reason why the unk Valley of Washington Washington was made .
Even though unk unk percent of the unk unk , it 's not as a unk .
It 's going to be oxygen oxygen .
But then the technology was developed in the unk system , and it was so cheap that we could use it with our environment .
And let 's take this analogy to the future .
We think about today .
Ladies and gentlemen , we live on a planet on the planet with more energy than a year .
16 percent of all unk minutes in the face of the Earth .
It 's not true for the problem .
And there 's good news .
In this year , it went to the first time , to cost the cost of 50 years in the 50 percent of the power of the current car --
The cost of solar oil in the last year is 50 percent .
Last month , the study has been published a study that shows this is that the end of this decade in the city of the world in the city of
And if we have a unk , we 've got water in the food .
Let 's talk about water .
Do you remember it , as he was in the island of unk , when it was in Saturn , it was back in the Earth ?
He took a famous photo . What was it ?
" A A unk Blue Blue . "
Because we can live in a unk .
We live on a planet which is 70 percent with water .
Yeah , there are unk percent unk , two percent are unk , and we 're going to talk about 30 percent of the water on the planet , but
And there are new technologies , not in 10 or 20 years ago .
It 's new unk in the way to fly like unk .
And from a school video morning , with unk unk , one of the unk of the unk , I 'd like to share with you , you know ,
It can be a thousand thousand dead drinking a day of every single day -- or water , water , water , water -- and all of the less than
The president of unk has just unk , a big test project in a few years in the developing world .
And if everything is fine , and I 'm very optimistic , it 's going to be a thousand million of the technology in global countries in the world of
This is innovation innovation , which is today .
And we 've been able to look at these phones .
You know my God , we 're going to get back to 70 percent of unk in the developing world .
Think about it was a unk unk with a cell phone in the United States of Kenya , as a president , President President Obama 's President President Obama 's
And if they had to be able to look at your laptop on Google , they have access access to your knowledge , and as President Obama had 15 years
They live in a world , the information , and the Internet has been able to have ever seen it .
And it 's better than the things that you can do , and I can make a few thousand dollars -- every six - year - old and video ,
And the best thing is perhaps true is what we have in health care .
In the last month I had the pleasure with the unk Foundation , which was called " 10 million dollars in unk million unk . "
We are working on the world in all of the world , all of these technologies are in a cell cell , so that you can use the brain ,
And to win , it has a better than a team of doctors .
Imagine this device in the United States in the developing world , where there are doctors doctors , but 25 percent of the population and the half of the health
If this device is a unk or a DNA virus , it 's not known , it 's going to be able to go to the unk of unk and
But now , for the biggest force we 're going to create a world of the world .
I call them the next billion . "
The white lines are on the population .
We just have the unk unk .
And by the way , the biggest unk against a population is a better education and education in the world .
In 2010 , we had just two billion people online online .
By 2050 , we 're about two billion people on Earth .
Three billion new things we have never heard from the global communication .
What do you need these people ?
What are they going to be ? What will they be ?
And instead of course , I 've seen the biggest economic economic history of history .
These people are unk unk dollars that are going to global global warming .
And they 're going to be able to use the unk of energy , and they 're going to be able to be taught through the unk -- and the
So , what can be three billion miles , healthy , healthy , unk , members of the unk ?
How would it be a sentence with a new new story ?
How would it be the way where the people who are and they 're going to be able to be able to be able to be able to change and
What are these three billion people ?
How would we be able to do it ?
One of the things that I 've learned from the X - ray is that the small team , they were inspired by knowledge and focus , can make things
I want to share with a story that 's really excited about me .
There 's a program that you might have heard about .
It 's a game called unk .
It was working at the University of Washington in L.A.
And it 's a game that 's going to be able to find a sequence of thousands of ways to look like this protein .
The way you can see the structure and function .
And this is very important in the unk .
So , this was a problem for unk .
And this game was played by unk , etc .
And there are now hundreds of thousands of thousands of people who have the game online .
And it turns out that the brain patterns are just like the best of the best .
And as one of these guys came in , and you saw the friend of the world , it was n't a MIT professor , not a student -- a
Ladies and gentlemen , which makes me believe in trust our future , is the fact that we have more than more than individuals , and we can change the
We 've access access to tools with technology .
We 've got the passion for a unk .
We have the capital of the unk unk .
And we 've got three billion new ideas that we can continue to do the new challenges , and to do what we need .
We expect a few decades decades .
Thank you .
I think that we can do something about a unk of medicine .
And I think it 's a doctor , and I am .
And perhaps , I may have been long enough for business , as I can allow it to make a piece of my own unk wrong unk to make this
But before I 'm going to go to the real part of my talk , let 's start with a little bit .
Hey , why not ?
We are the unk and close to us in the World War .
We all love , of course , right ?
unk is full with great statistics .
And there are hundreds of hundreds of them .
" unk unk is going to come and look at the statistics and to use this to a great book .
I 'm going to tell you a statistics from which I hope that most of you 've heard .
It 's the unk of unk .
We talk about one if you have a 300 million
That means that the three - three - thirds of 10 pounds .
That means that the ball is going to be unk , and it 's going to be wrong , and who does n't want to try to the unk ,
Three of 10 .
You know , if you have a unk in unk unk ?
Well , pretty good , maybe there 's a man .
Do you like a unk call ?
This is somebody who 's going to get four of 10 dollars .
unk -- like unk unk unk unk 's last part of unk on the streets of an hour over 400 years ago .
Let me go back to the world of medicine , which I feel like a bit more than a little bit less than I should talk to you .
Imagine you have a unk , and you 're going to have a unk unk , which has 400 400 400 in unk .
How does n't work that ?
So imagine you live in a certain place , and you have a happy people with unk unk and your family unk in this area , a unk , unk
But , you know what ?
She 's this year a lot better . It 's on the unk .
And she 's a unk .
It does n't work .
But I 'm going to ask you a question .
What do you think like the unk for a unk or a nurse or a doctor , a unk , should be a unk ?
A , very good .
The truth is that no one of the kids knows what a good job or a doctor or a doctor .
What we 're doing is that we 're going to tell you about what I 'm going to do with the perfect world .
There 's a mistake , no one thing you 're doing about the details of what they can do .
And this is the message that I 've done in school .
I was a unk unk .
In the high school , you have a unk said that I can say that the elephant unk for a unk .
And so it was too .
And I learned in my little unk unk in the sisters of unk unk at the University of unk .
I learned everything .
In my unk , I learned the discovery , and every unk , every kind of unk , each of the unk of the unk , unk and unk unk
In fact , the early unk unk unk unk unk .
And the same time I went more and more .
And I was good , I was unk with unk unk .
And I went to the unk with the idea that I knew , and I knew anything about it , or at least as much as possible as possible as
And it did n't work for a long time , and I had a pair of unk .
I went to a unk in unk , in a friend of mine in which I was working on the unk of the hospital .
At that time , I was the unk of unk in the unk .
And it was my mission , which was the unk unk of unk , who was looking for the unk .
And feedback to give me to .
I met a unk , and she was in unk .
And when I looked at her , she made unk sound .
And when I had my heart with the unk unk , I could hear a sound sound on the side of the day , told me that she had a
This is a state in the heart rate , instead of all of the blood blood on the water , a part of the forest in the forest , and
And that was not hard to unk .
I asked them to help me .
I gave her . I gave them to the drugs of heart .
I was in medicine , which we call unk , water , so that they have the unk .
And over a long period of a two and two hours , they started to better .
I felt pretty good .
And I made my first mistake ; I sent her home .
In fact , I made two mistakes .
I sent them to home with my head .
I did n't want to look at it , and what I 'd like to call what to call me to make a picture of how he would have a
And he knew she had to be able to show you more information .
Maybe I could do it with good reasons .
Maybe I did n't want to be the doctor .
Maybe I wanted to be so successful , and I could be able to give responsibility responsibility that I was like this , and I would have been able to
My second mistake was worse .
And so , when I put them back home , I was a happy voice to tell me , " unk , no good idea . "
In fact , I was so very much unk that I had asked the question he asked me to build a pair of unk , " Do you believe it
And the nurse came up and said , " Yeah , I think it will be good . "
I remember when it was yesterday .
So I went to the unk and a unk and unk and they got home .
And I went back to work .
The rest of the day , the night I had this kind of feeling in my hair .
But I worked on .
And at the end of the day , I sat down to the things that I went to the hospital , and I had to go back to the car
I went through the unk in my home .
And there was one another girl who did n't have the sister to give me a pair of years ago , but one of my three words , and I
Some of these guys are also talking about , but the most important thing is , because we are able to see the patients .
The three words : Do you remember ?
" Do you remember the patient , who was home ? "
And he went to the nurse .
" So she 's gone back , " she said in this particular particular .
So she was back .
She was back and she died .
About an hour for her home , when I went to home , she went to the family , and you had the family , called the unk , they
It was almost unk and blue blue .
The unk unk all .
They gave her unk .
They unk them to unk .
I was shocked , and I was inside the unk .
And I saw this nervous because she went to the unk of the unk , and I hope that she would go .
And after two , three days later , you would never get back .
She had not a unk unk .
Your family family .
And in the course of the next eight or nine days , they found the unk .
At the day unk , they 're going to go -- they 're a unk , a woman , a mother and a grandmother .
You say that the name of the unk never unk .
And this was the first time I learned this .
The next few weeks ago , I told myself , and I learned to the first time of the father , which has been in our medical culture , I
You know all of the shame , if you have a secret to the most famous friend of mine , one of them on a unk , and then you
If you want to do it , and do n't get the time .
This is the kind of shame .
The ones that I 'm talking about is that the one in which you get sick .
It 's the one who says one who does n't do what you 've done , but it 's too bad .
And that was what I felt .
And it was n't my reason , he was very much .
He was talking to the family , and I 'm sure that he had the unk and unk , I would n't have to be .
But I asked myself to these questions .
Why did not ask me ? Why did I get home ?
And then in my worst moments , I had to make a kind of mistakes ?
Why did I work in medicine ?
But eventually , it would be true .
I started to feel better .
And then in a unk day , there was a hole in the clouds and the sun , and I said , maybe I 'm going to feel better .
And I was with myself , when I had to follow all the effort , and I never made a mistake , that the voice could be .
And they did it .
And I worked on .
And then it happened .
Two years later , I asked them in the hospital in a hospital hospital in Boston , and I went to 25 years old man .
It was a lot of what I 'm going to go to .
He showed it over here .
I looked in the unk , and it was a little bit of pink .
And I gave him a unk for unk and sent him .
And even when he went into the door , he showed up his unk .
Two days later , I came to my next week , and I was asked to get a conversation in her office .
And she said the three words : Do you remember ?
" Do you remember the patient ? "
It turns out that it was a unk .
He had a unk disease called unk .
You can use this , but it 's not a unk of the unk , and the unk of the unk .
And luckily , he died .
He got unk unk , and a few days later .
And I went back to the same unk of shame and unk , and I felt , and I was working on the work , and then again .
In a unk , I have two times a unk .
There 's a lot of things , especially when you think that you 're working in a hospital , it 's about three hours a day .
In both cases , I sent them home , and I did n't believe it in unk .
When I thought , he would have unk .
I was the X - ray of the skin on the time , without the unk , my colleague was in the patient of the patient of the patient 's
The other had had a terrible disease .
I went to unk unk to him , and I asked his colleagues .
And he did it , and when he was a unk in the right level of unk , he called the unk .
In both cases , and they were fine .
Both of these two cases of unk , unk me .
And I would love to tell you that my worst had just been in the first five years ago , many of my colleagues , but I mean , but
unk unk unk had happened in the last five years .
unk , violence and no support .
Here 's the problem , if I do n't have to do with my mistakes , and I talk about , if I 'm going to keep the voice ,
How can I teach them when they do n't the same ?
If I was in a room like -- I 've just like to understand what you 're thinking about me .
When did they look at the last one of someone who heard from you heard about unk ?
Oh , they 're going to go to a party party , and you can talk about some other people , but you 're not going to talk about someone
If I was in a room with my friends , and I wanted to ask her to the driver , and to tell you what I 'd just told you
And in fact , if I was in my colleagues or my colleagues , there was a unk in my house , and I had to be able to get
This is the system where we live .
It 's a completely unk from mistakes .
It 's a system in the two things -- there are some of the things that do n't do what they do .
It 's almost a unk response like this , which is a man .
And there 's the idea that if we get the ones that are made of medicine , we have a natural system .
But there are two problems .
In my 20 years ago , the medical student and unk , I 've got a different medical study of medical mistakes and I 've been able to make all
And what I learned is that there 's absolutely absolutely important .
We 're working on a system in the day every day , when we 're going to do about 10 percent or a unk , or in unk , and
In the state of dying , there are unk unk unk unk .
In the United States , the Institute of medicine for medicine .
They are both strong , because we do n't think about how we should .
And it 's the unk .
In a unk in the medical health , all of these three years , three years we can not do .
unk is unk .
We ca n't get it .
We have a cognitive response , so that we can make a perfect unk for a patient with a pain .
And then I take the same patient with unk , unk unk and unk , and it takes a little bit of unk , and suddenly , the story of
I do n't take the same time .
I 'm not a robot ; I do n't always do it .
And my patients are not cars ; they 're going to tell me that they are n't even in the same way .
All these things are worse .
So if you go to the system , as I 've taught it , and all the unk unk , it 's not a good place .
And you know the unk of people who do n't think about their dreams ?
In my show , I said , " unk , " I 've got to tell you to say , " This is my " unk " -- I would
And then you look at their unk , they were looking at the head , and they look at it , and they 're hard to start and start to
They want to tell your stories . You want your stories .
They want to be able to say , " Look , do n't make the same mistakes I have . "
What they need is to be an environment where they can do that .
What they need is a new culture culture .
And it starts with a doctor .
The new doctor is a human being to know about his humanity , it 's not going to be able to do it , but it 's all about something
It unk their own experiences .
They care about other than their mistakes .
And they 're looking at their mistakes , not just unk , but in a unk , that kind of all of all of them .
And she 's working in a medical culture , which is that the people who are living with their lives , and when it 's so , then people are
And so the system that has been developed in the unk system , which can make easier to make the mistakes of people , and so they can also create
My name is unk .
I 'm the unk .
I 'm a human being . I make mistakes .
I unk it . But I 'm going to try to be able to learn from it to another other things .
I do n't know what you 're looking at me , but I can live .
Let me share with my own words , I remember .
I 'm going to be a tiny , small idea .
It 's about unk unk .
And because you can see this idea in a minute , and I 'm going to tell you three stories to tell the time .
The first story of Charles Darwin was one of the heroes .
You know , he was here .
You might think that he unk unk , but it 's not true .
Actually , there were fish .
He wrote one of them as well . "
It was a unk .
Until in the ' 80s , he was published in a wonderful scale .
Now he 's on the Red Red species .
This story has a few times a few years ago -- the last few days , it 's not very special .
And yet , we 're still in the unk Islands .
We 're still thinking about them .
They use it as much as part .
What 's happening here ?
The second story is another idea , unk unk .
Because I 've seen it when I was an unk in West Africa .
I went there , and I grew up in Europe , and I wanted to work in Africa .
I thought I could do it .
And I got a terrible unk , and I believe that I did n't really feel about it .
It was my first experience .
How do you look at the unk of unk and a few unk .
It was unk by 20 unk , unk , a unk of unk .
The unk of these were very unk , and they were dying , and they were living in Ghana in life .
When I had 27 years later , there was a fish in the half of its size .
unk them down five .
They were genes .
They were still fish .
People were still happy .
And the fish had had enough to be there .
So it has nothing changed , and it has changed .
My third of my story told me about unk unk in the unk of unk .
In the ' 80s , in the beginning of the ' 60s -- in Europe .
unk unk countries that had a few hundred unk , which was a black hole that was a black hole .
I went on with this , and we went down to the South Pole and sea in the unk .
We had no words for what we did .
I know it 's the reason of the ocean .
90 percent of our families were born in other animals , which is the same reason .
The biggest part of the fish , the little dots on the unk , the unk , coral reefs .
It was basically the reason of the water on the wall , and then we started .
These images are extraordinary because the movement is very fast .
In a year , a year comes into a study , and it starts with the fish .
The reason will change . " -- in this case -- a hard reason , or unk , coral coral is unk .
That 's a dead dead .
They were not eating , they were away because they were dead .
Once we started a living .
She was not not too .
And they wanted to kill them because you could eat it .
In fact , in this mountain of each time , from all these unk , when they are in unk , where it 's never been done .
It does n't happen .
We change the world , but we do n't remember .
We are able to move to the new level of unk , and we do n't think about what was there .
If you look at it , it 's happening .
On the third axis is a couple of good things : there are many numbers of the unk , the green part of the country , the unk .
With the time , it changes . It changes because the people are doing all of these things .
Every generation of the images that they start in the beginning of their lives in their lives , and they 're all about this .
The difference will be a loss .
But they do n't take the risks .
It can be able to figure out .
And at the end , you want to get the unk .
And that 's now our goal .
We want to get things that have gone or things that are not more like they are .
Now , you might think that the problem of people who were sure they were living when they were living in societies societies , and they had a few years
Because obviously , you can find a animal , it 's a very few times before , before .
So you do n't have a lot of animals .
You lose and rare animals .
And that 's why it 's not as a loss .
With the time , we 're looking at the big animals and in the oceans are the big fish .
They will be less than because we 're going to start .
With the time , we have fish fish and we think that 's the unk .
The question is , why people do that .
Well , because they do n't know it was different .
Of course , many people , scientists , it was really interesting .
They 're going to show it because the evidence that as they were in an early unk , they do n't like that they have the evidence to call it
There 's an example of the unk of the unk of the unk of the unk of the area in this area has never been able to be able to
So we have the situation that the people do n't know when we live in societies societies because they are the sources of the past .
This is the huge amount of the role that can make a unk .
Because we 're in unk , we 're essentially the past .
We 're going back to the past that the people ca n't understand , because they have the change and they have very low .
And so you can see the people who have an area , and you can see the information that allows them to change their unk .
What about the people who are not possible because they have access access to the people in the Middle East ?
Here , I think , the art and the film is going to be able to see the gap .
This is the simulation of Monterey .
A long time , there were unk unk -- 500 years ago .
And the unk , and you remember , " unk . "
When you think about " unk " -- if you think about the people of that , they were kind of like the unk story , why they were so
Because it 's a little bit of unk , which has been lost .
So what I mean is that the only thing I 'm going to do is to say , he says , " He wrote " unk II . "
Thank you .
In the ' 80s , in the unk , you had to be able to find a unk , in the government .
They also had to put a little unk with this unk .
The reason for the government was able to see where we had a text .
unk them wrote a paper with unk unk , they could find the unk of this idea .
And in the West , we ca n't understand how someone could do something , and how much would have the idea of freedom .
In our own countries we would have never done .
But if you 're going to go to the year 2000 , it 's a new unk of the unk , and buy a side of the side , then
This is happening today .
And it seems to be nobody .
And this was an example of what it means our own governments , which is what we call the citizens .
And this is one of the three things that are online online today .
So let 's look at what 's happening in the world . We are going to make the crisis in unk .
We have three unk .
There are online online .
For example , this is Mr. unk unk from unk .
And the laws of online unk are very easy to understand .
These people make money .
They use online online , a lot of money to make a lot of money .
There are lots of cases of online online , unk , who have money through their money .
This is unk unk unk unk in unk .
This is unk unk .
Abed .
unk unk .
These are unk unk , Al unk unk and so forth .
These people are online online , wealth , but they 've done all of them , as they said , to be able to use money from our unk ,
The United States in unk unk two months of the unk of the Gulf of five - of - five - year - year - year - old unk ,
Mr. unk itself is on the foot , the unknown is not known .
And I 'm saying that this is more likely that we are victims of online online than one in the real world .
And it 's very obvious that that 's just worse .
In the future , the most people are online online .
The second generation that we 're going to do today is not going to be unk .
They are different from someone else , and believe , or through her audience .
unk are like the last few months and have to go to the edge of the online online .
So these are the three unk unk , the Internet , and they do n't do the money , as they can use the resistance , but the last group
There are cases of things like us from the unk .
It turns out what happens when governments are their own citizens .
unk is a unk unk from the Gulf -- or it was .
And in the last year , it had to be unk , because of course , had been done .
And someone was unk , and the system was unk .
And last week in a meeting with the National unk , I asked one of the team in the group of the question , if he had to change the
And his answer was " Yes . "
Well , how do people die in such one ?
unk is a unk .
They sell .
What do you do with unk ?
Well , you know , you need a unk , if you have a website called unk , unk unk , for example .
Now we use all of us , or many of us , or unk , or one of their services , but they do n't exist in the United States
Can them be , but if they were in a foreign language .
unk unk and unk .
And that 's exactly what happened .
How does it mean in the Arab Arab and the things that look like in Egypt ?
Well , in Egypt , there was the unk of unk in the United States , and so they found a lot of unk .
In this book , there was a unk called " unk . "
And in this way , there was on a paper in unk , in Germany , in the local government , the government had a few programs that they had
They had this program for unk unk in the government .
The unk is right here .
So , in fact , in fact , governments are governments with governments to do with their own citizens .
But Western governments are also themselves .
For example , in Germany , there was a few weeks ago , which was a unk , who was actually used by the United States was called their own
If you 're in a unk unk , it 's going to be safe in your home .
But today we are far beyond far .
It makes your skin phones .
They use like the unk to control your computer with a unk unk , which allows them to open your information to your online online , your unk .
So if we go to something about things like this , there would be the answer to the answer , " OK , that sounds , but it 's not
I do n't have to worry .
I have nothing to hide . "
And this argument does n't make sense .
unk has to be true .
unk is not about discussion .
It 's no decision between privacy and security .
It 's a decision between freedom and control .
And while we are today , in Iraq , we do n't know our governments , but it 's all the same , we 're going to tell them .
And we trust it , we do n't live in our future government , a government that we could think about 50 years ago .
These are the questions that we have to do the next 50 years .
It may be very strange , but I 'm a big unk .
The first unk were built in unk , and we had a very simple idea : unk from unk , the unk .
unk were very fast to the unk unk in the world .
They gave us the things that were built to build the larger than we built , buildings , a little bit more than the other .
It was basically the unk of the building of our time .
If you have a hundred years later , in unk , came out with this .
It was called " unk . "
And within many years , unk , unk in the U.S.
It 's going to be 400 over 400 million things built -- or two girls in the planet on this planet .
You do n't have to be able to find a beautiful house , unk or a building .
unk made it for all possible .
unk was in the unk , the building in the world , and made a built for our imagination .
In the back of the year , the next year later , the next revolution , the next building .
The unk was a little bit of unk that came from one of the world in the world , unk buildings to build a world in all of us ,
How on the unk , which allows us to build a lot more more complex , more complex systems , building a rock .
But there 's a unk unk : The company was only for experts .
I do n't care that the unk of our buildings for experts and I decided to change this .
eight years ago , I was at the lab lab , and I started this idea how to make the power of the engineers in their hands in the hands
A few years ago , I started to create a unk .
Let me show you how they work .
unk are electrical cells that have a specific function .
They are unk , light , unk , unk and light .
And the best part of it is that it 's filled with unk .
That 's why you ca n't get it wrong .
The stone are unk .
Green is in blue , blue is unk , unk is unk and unk .
All right , you 've got to do it , you have a blue and a city , and they can make very fast - scale .
They put a green to a green , and they can light light .
You can take a switch on a paper between it , and they have a little unk .
Take the switch , a unk , this is a unk , and you have a little bit of light .
unk to this unk for a little bit of light , and you have a unk .
I 'm going to stop that stop .
Over the simple word , it 's actually pretty powerful .
Instead of course , you have a program , unk unk , or you need to do it with you , very easily unk to sound .
So to do this , it 's going to slow down to the speed or slow down , you just take this button , and it makes the faster faster
The idea behind it is that there is a growing up .
We want to create each other interaction on this world in a unk .
unk , unk , unk , unk -- it should be available .
We 've been able to look at kids , and they play it .
And it was an incredible experience .
The thing is , as they start to build the drugs that they do in the knowledge and they do n't work in school .
So for example , an example of work , or the unk of the unk and the TV of unk , or like a iPod on your genome .
We also have to be able to teach us .
So we had , for example , I could n't do with a designer in the other things that started working with a material material .
Here we see , unk , paper and water , like unk ...
A couple of weeks ago we had to go to unk , and we had some of the designers , who had no experience of the experience -- just a
Here 's an example of a project that they did , a unk unk .
But wait , this is really my favorite project .
It 's a pair of unk , the fear of darkness .
For those of these engineers , there was a new material , that was just a few material .
And we want to use this material for all of us .
So , open is open open .
You can go on the website , all the unk , and they 're making themselves .
We want to see the world , the unk , the unk , and the world that we live in the world , I think this is the world ,
So , you go , and you start to build .
Thank you .
You know , one of the big unk in the unk , and one of the most interesting research on the research research is in common with people who live
Just the knowledge that there are n't going to go back to the 21st century or the meaning of the unk of the unk of the past , and the
And of course , we all share the same unk .
We 're all born . We teach kids to the world .
We 're unk .
We 've got to listen to the unk of unk , and we should n't be surprised that we can hear all of music , and dance and art .
But interesting is the unk of the unk , the rhythm of music in every culture .
And it does n't matter whether it 's about the unk in the forests of Germany , or the United States in Haiti , or the unk in the unk
All of these people are told us that there are other other things , different ways , different ways to look at the planet .
And this is an idea that if you think about it , it 's just one with hope .
Together , the cultures in the world of the world are a network of unk , and the lives of life , and the Earth , and the impact on
You can see this cultural cultural unk as a unk , you can think about the whole of all of the dreams and dreams , " unk , ideas ,
unk is the great legacy of humanity .
It 's the symbol of all of what we are , and what we find as an unk species can be .
And in the same way , it was unk in the same way -- it was just about the speed .
It would n't be true for me to say that 50 percent or more of all of a few times a few years ago , it 's not just true
And the key to this is the unk of the languages .
When every one of you were in this room , there were born in the Earth of the planet .
Now , it 's not just the language of unk or a series of unk .
It 's a language expression .
It 's a tool , which is the soul of a soul in the environment of the world .
Every language is like a forest in the forest , a unk , an idea , an ecosystem of an opportunity .
And from those of these languages today , today we are in Monterey , they do n't look at the best of kids .
They 're not going to be taught me . That 's not what you 're going to happen , they 're just dead .
What could be a way to be , because of the silence , to be the one of the rest of your people who have to tell your language ,
And yet , of course , this war is going to be someone somewhere on the Earth , like two weeks , every single day , every year , a
And I know that some of you say , " Is n't it better ? "
Let 's be unk . "
And then you would suddenly see what it would be if you could n't use your language .
That 's why I want to leave you with a journey through a little bit of unk to try to try to understand what 's lost .
Now there are some things that we remember , when I say , " I think , " different different ways of my life , " in different ways of
Take an example of the child 's unk in the Amazon , the people who believe that they are unk the unk from the Middle East in the unk of
This is a human who does n't have the color between the blue blue and green , because there 's the forest of the forest from the people who are
They have a language of language and a unk of unk unk , you have to somebody someone who wrote a different language .
All of these things are in the past to the past , the unk of these big houses are in the middle of the six or six languages , but
You just go to start and start .
Or , who was one of the tribes of the tribes that I 've ever lived in the unk in the unk of unk , an amazing man , the
In the year of five , five years ago , we got five unk , and we made a mistake .
They looked at the pictures of the outside of the air , which we looked like , when we looked at the unk , and they found that these people
And they took these pictures from the forest in the village , trying to see the face of the face or the character , and there was no unk and
But the unk were not only unk with unk .
They unk each other .
unk percent of the deaths died by unk .
We went to the four - year - old generations , and we found two cases of natural natural , and when we had people with something about it ,
But at the same time , they had a very clear of the forest that was amazing .
You could see the one of the body of a half of unk , and then the species of the species of these species .
In the early early years , I got a really amazing job , when I was working in college , if I was interested in Africa , we went to
To be able to make a sense of that , I had to think about something that I had to think of that , and I do n't think of
In the opposite , it 's a complex area in unk .
It 's interesting .
If I ask you , what the big world would say , what would you say ?
unk , unk , unk , unk or whatever .
A continent is going to be unk , because the unk was that there was n't an African place in some religious faith . Of course , there was a
But what I 'm looking like this is that this is the relationship between the living and the dead .
The living in the unk .
The power of power from the big water will be able to go to the rhythm to the soul of the soul of the sky , so that the unk
unk unk unk , " You 're going to go to the church and talk about God . "
We dance , and we become God . "
And because you 're obsessed , you 're going to change your mind , how can you get to lose ?
Look at this amazing unk : unk unk in a unk , the unk of unk , without an unk of the ability of the spirit of the body ,
Well , of course , all of the people who I met , was the unk from the unk of Paris , unk unk unk unk in unk .
unk of the existence of civilization , which is the unk of unk and unk in the unk of this community , a unk unk unk back to the unk
In a unk , there were these people who had never seen the unk .
By the day today , they 're going to come from a unk unk , the education system is very unusual .
The young ones are in the age of three and four years from the families , and in a world of the world , in unk , the unk of
And during the same time , you 're going to get in the cultural values of their society , the values that they 're going to do , and their
At the end of this , they 're going to come back to the day , and the first time in their lives , in the age of 18 years
It 's so wonderful . You have to protect it . "
They 're going to look at the other words , and we say that we are the dead brothers who are in the destruction of the world .
Now this level is very important .
And when we go back to the landscape , and we think we 're going to be unk , and we can say , " unk , " and the
So , unk , not unk , and they 're going to be unk from the unk .
It does n't have a lot of place in the unk of unk or cold cold , but they were still , through time and a unk of the Earth
Now , what does that mean ?
It means that there 's a little kid from the unk , which has to believe that the mountain is a city 's mind , and that will be a
Whether it 's an unk of a mind or a bunch of unk , it 's a unk .
The interesting thing that the relationship between the individual and the nature of nature .
I grew up in the unk of unk , and I believe that these forests have been to be unk .
And this led me to another person than my friends in the unk who believe that these forests are from the unk of unk and the unk and the unk
Well , if you start to look at the idea that these cultures can be different , you can find some of the images of this discovery .
It 's a photo , and I was last century ago in the Amazon Amazon .
This is unk , which of many of you have heard this is the most powerful unk from the unk of the church .
What 's so fascinating , is not just the potential of the potential system , but it 's very important , and it 's actually going to get two different
This plant is a lot of very strong unk that have unk , and unk are very similar .
If you 've seen the unk , they like , this kind of unk , these shapes , which they are different from different ways .
This is a water was like this as a kind of unk , unk from unk unk and the water on a sea of electricity .
It 's not going to be the reality of reality , but the resolution of reality .
I 've been working with my professor , Richard Richard unk , the man who had the unk unk of the discovery of the unk of unk , in the
But the thing about unk is that you ca n't be able to be able to be able to be able to get through it in a human being in
You can only be able to put together with some other chemicals that are the unk .
Now , the fascinating thing is that the unk unk that are in the unk unk , are unk of the same -- that 's necessary to be able to
How can these people from one of the unk species of these plants are not able to find plants ?
And we use this amazing thing to try and try to figure out what it means .
But you ask the world to say , " This is the plant . "
So what does that mean ?
This one , the unk , unk , 17 years ago , that they all have to look at all the distance from the forest in the forest that we
And then you ask them how they unk their unk , and they say , " I thought you thought about some plants .
I mean , you do n't know anything ? " And I said , " No . "
So , it turns out that you 've got a few months ago , in front of them , and they listen to one in a different group .
Well now , you do n't have a student at Harvard , but it 's more interesting than unk .
Well , the problem of the problem is that the ones that have the ones that have been able to have the unk that have been able to have the
So , in fact , is that you think about the 20 century century , not in the United States , but it was more than in an era ,
All of these cultures have gone back to the dance with new unk .
And the problem is not the technology .
The workers are not less likely to be willing to be , as they were to take the unk , and the American American Americans , as a horse and
Not change and technology , the unk of the unk . It 's power . The face is face .
And in the world , you have to look at the world in the world today , that these cultures are not going to be in the United States ,
Or if we go into the mountains of Boston , where I 'm going to go through a lot of time , you will find the face of the political
You know , the unk of unk , the unk of death will be unk , but the unk of the destruction of the people who are not just not
And you ca n't understand the suffering of suffering , if you do n't have it in the level level .
I went to a young colleague of hundreds of thousands of unk in unk unk unk , and when I went to unk , I saw the face behind the
And the father of his father was actually the unk of unk .
That meant that he was in the Chinese unk unk .
His uncle , with her in the unk , the people went to church .
His mother was born inside a bad -- for the crime .
He was in the age of two years ago , in the prison , they had to be able to be able to do with their unk , and they
The sister , this was actually unk .
One day , she came out of unk in a unk unk , and she had to do this for her seven years in a unk .
The suffering can be unk , but the spirit of the spirit of mind is a unk .
And at the end , we 're really going to have a choice we want to be in a world of the world or a unk in the world 's
unk unk , the unk , she died before she died that she 's the most famous fear that we are looking at a unk , unk , unk ,
And it 's known to think that our species may have been years ago .
The unk revolution , which we have in agriculture , and we 're in this moment of the unk of the unk , the poetry of the unk of the
The modern world as we know it is not 300 years old .
Well , this book says I 'm not saying that we have all the answers to the challenges that we 're going to see in the thousands of thousands of
If we take these unk unk to the meaning of the human , they ask about 10,000 different voices .
And in this song , we will have the opportunity to be able to understand what we are : people are conscious of consciousness , which is the most important
Here 's a photo , which I 've got to the end of the unk Islands , which I was talking about unk unk , and this man , unk
The government is not always very good with the unk , and during the unk years in the unk of our unk , they were forced to be forced to
The grandfather of unk .
The family that had become his life , he took all the weapons and all the tools .
Now you have to know that the unk is not afraid of the cold . They used it for their advantage .
The unk of their unk were taken out of fish , which was in unk skin skin .
The grandfather of unk was not at the end of the night or night .
He unk out there , he took his unk unk and unk in his hand , and when the unk were unk , he made it in a form of
He unk unk on the pages of the unk , and when it was completely unk , it would be a dog .
He unk the dog and a unk , and he had the unk of the dog and a unk , a little unk and a unk of the unk with
So you ca n't do anything .
And this is in many ways , a symbol for the resistance of the whole and all of the world in the world .
The government was in the unk of unk , which went to the control of control over the area of the place , as California and Texas .
It 's our new country and unk .
It 's an independent area . It 's all unk .
For example , as a nation , a state that is going to be able to figure out about its own way .
And finally , finally , I think it 's pretty obvious , at least for those of us who had to come back to the Earth , they realize that
They are the unk of someone .
You can see the parts of the human imagination that has been in the past moments , and all of us who are going to have the dreams of the
So what we 've got to National National Geographic is finally that we believe that politicians are not going to happen .
We believe that unk -- we believe that we do n't think about unk , but we believe that the world can change the world , and we 're probably
unk nations can send our unk .
Our models are going to read .
And we 're going to have a series of thousands of unk in the unk , where we can share the audience in places like that , and they 're
Thank you .
What I 'm first to do with so quickly as possible as I can show you are the kind of work , a new technology that we 've been Microsoft
We see a lot of a lot of a lot of thousands in digital images here , and you have the unk and unk unk , unk , in a
And it does n't matter how much information we are looking like , like these images are or how big images are .
Most of them are in a beautiful blue camera , but this is an example of the genome of the United States , and it 's in an area of
It does n't make a difference , because the only one of the power of the system , is the number of data on your screen every time . It
This is a whole book , an example of unk data .
This is unk unk of unk . It 's a chapter chapter .
In order to prove that it 's really to be a text and not just an image , we can do something like this , to be able to show
Maybe this is an artificial way , a email book .
I would n't do it .
This is a unk case . This is a piece of paper .
Every big picture is the beginning of a unk .
And this is what you 're really looking at the pleasure and the good experience of a book or a paper , a paper or a paper .
We also have a little bit on the corner of this particular piece of paper .
We have a false paper with a high high school , which makes a lot more than higher than in a normal , and we have a little bit of
If you can see the plants in the car , you can see it .
Or other models , or even unk .
And this is actually the idea of these ideas on these connections on the screen in the screen .
We hope that it 's not going to be a unk - unk and other people who would n't have to be .
Of course , it 's actually a very obvious model for a technology like this .
And I do n't want to spend a lot of time to say , " because I do n't want to be part of this area .
But these are all the streets in the United States .
unk up to the unk image of NASA .
Let 's do something else .
This is now live in the Internet . You can do it .
This is a project with the name that 's actually two different technologies .
The one is a unk , and the other one is a very good research on unk , who made from unk unk , who was at the University of
And Rick unk was published a very good work .
So this is live in the Internet . It 's kind of unk .
You can see the way that we can call this kind of unk that we can get through images of images , and the experience of the unk .
But the unk of the images here is really important .
The unk algorithms have these images , which they put into the real room in which these images that were all in the unk of the unk unk in the
I do n't know if I have time to show you a different environment .
There are these things that are very much .
I 'd like to go to a unk of the unk of the show , and this is from a early prototype of the early days of the first time
We had to do this for all of these , etc .
This is a unk of the unk unk , which is just in the computer with images from the unk , you 're going to put it in red ,
So these are all these pictures of images , and all of them are in the same way .
And we can use this very simple way .
You know , I never believe that I decided to start with Microsoft .
I 'm very grateful for the unk .
I guess , you can see that there are many different types of cameras , but it 's all of the mobile phone camera , a very large number of
And if I can , I 'll find some of the unk .
A lot of them are on their faces .
unk here are a series of photos here .
This is actually a cup of paper , which was unk .
We can move from the cup of a physical sense of this environment .
The point here is that we can do something about the social environment , and it 's now data from all of the information -- all of all of the
All these pictures are connected to each other , and it creates something that is more than the sum of the parts .
They get a model , which comes from the Earth .
Just look at the unk of the unk of unk unk .
And this is something that 's going through the complexity , which is the people who use it , and it 's the benefit of the users with the user
Your own pictures are unk with unk unk who has another person .
If someone who had done it , and all these unk , and they tell them that they are all of them , and then my son 's from the
And of course , of course , all of these are the unk of all sorts of models in some interesting part of the Earth that is not just by
Thank you .
What ? I 'm going to do your real software software that has a certain time in the next year , all of the images that are going to be
Yeah . You do nothing else than it .
If you want to build it in between the images .
And they do this because of the content in the images .
And this is really exciting when you look at the amount of information , that many of these images have .
How if you 're looking for a picture of images , where you look at the text and the text of the code has a lot of information about this
But how would it be the picture with all your images ?
Then this is the unk of the unk and the unk that makes it really huge . It 's a classic language .
unk , that 's really incredible .
Thank you very much .
I 'm going to give you some things from my book , as I hope , in the same with other things that you 've already heard about , and
I want to start what I call " unk . "
So , the second thing from what ?
The unk unk of all the Western societies .
The first thing that happens is , if our goal , the goal of our citizens , that 's all about the unk of freedom .
And the reason for that is that freedom is in a sense of course , to make sense , a sense of the human human being .
If people freedom , then , every one of us for ourselves to do the things that we do n't care about the human rights and no one of us
The freedom for freedom is choice .
The more choices you have , the more freedom you have , and more than freedom , they have more more than more .
This is , I think it 's so deep in the water system that I do n't want to make a sense of meaning .
And it 's also deep in our lives .
I 'm going to give you a few examples of what 's happening in our progress .
This is my unk . No big .
I just want to talk about something about unk .
There are more unk unk in my bed , if you do n't have 10 10 minutes or not unk and 12 -- you can buy a big number of
So this is like , in the kitchen .
And then you 're going to win the consumer company to build a unk , you know , " unk , a unk , radio , radio , unk ,
We can use millions of thousands of unk unk in the components that are in this business .
You have to say that this is a huge molecule .
In other areas , the world are communication .
There was a time when I was a boy , because if you had to control the phone , you know , when he came from unk .
They have your phone . You did n't buy it .
A result was that the phone was broken .
These days are over .
We 've been able to have an infinite number of genetic phones , especially in the world .
These are the cell phones .
My favorite here is in the middle of unk -- unk , unk unk and unk unk .
And you should n't have to go back in your business , you can be sure you 're going to be soon .
And what it does is it makes people to go to the business and do this question .
You know what the answer to this question ?
The answer is " No . "
It 's not possible to buy a cell cell to buy it .
In other parts of life , it 's very much more than the basis of all of the things that are the same level of the choice .
unk -- it 's not the longer in the United States , and the doctor will tell you what to do .
Instead , you 're going to go to a doctor and a doctor who says , " We can call " A to you , B . "
A third of these benefits and risks .
B B has these risks and risks . What do you want ?
And you say , " doctor , what should I do ? "
The doctor says , " A unk and these connections and B are the benefits and risks .
What do you want ?
And if you say , " If I said , " What would you do ? "
The doctor says , " But I 'm not . "
And the result is -- we call it a human self - unk , " which sounds like a good thing , but in reality , the reality of the
There 's a lot of marketing dollars for drugs for people like me , and if you think about it , you do n't make a sense , because we
Why do you care if we ca n't buy ?
And the answer is : If you expect us to the doctor 's next to the next morning , and it will change a change in the future .
Something like this is identity is a question of choice like this slide .
We do n't open identity , we use it .
And we 're thinking so often as we want .
That means that every day when you walk on the morning , you have to decide what to be one of you than you .
In terms of your family and family , there was a time , in the standard of the event , that almost every single one , and so you could
The only thing had said , " and not what you did . "
Today , it 's all right .
I teach English scientists , and I give them 20 percent less than I did .
And that 's not because they 're not so smart , because they 're not very happy .
It 's because they 're in other things , but they ask yourself , " Do n't want to do it ? "
Should I be later ? Do I want to do kids , or a career ? "
These are all unk questions .
And they 're going to ask these questions about whether whether it means all of the things that I 'm going to do with you , and do n't get
And in fact , they should do that . These are important important questions .
And -- we 're like , " unk , as it turns out with the technology that allows us to take a minute of every day of all in the
There are in a corner of what I do n't want to tell you what 's happening .
I 'm not going to tell you because I use it .
So , what it means is to mean this incredible freedom of choice we have to do with decisions , and again , and again , whether we do n't
We can use our kids on Facebook , and we have our mobile phone in our hip , and our ability to the other patients , and our laptop to
And then , if they 're all dead , they 're going to be every minute in our children 's unk unk unk , we should say , " Should
Should I stop this email ? "
And also in the answer to the question , " No , " It 's all about your experience of your child 's very different than it .
All right , we look down , big things , small things , things and things , life has a question of choice .
And the world in the world we lived .
So I want to say , there was a few choices , but not all of it was a question of choice .
And the world in the world is now like this .
And the question is , are good or bad news ?
The answer is " Yes . "
We all know about it , so I 'm going to talk about what 's bad about it .
All of these two choices have two unk , two negative effects of people .
It 's an effect , it 's like , it 's made of unk .
With so many choices that you can choose , it seems to be very hard to do .
I 'm going to give you an example of an example , for example , a study of education in unk .
One of my colleague had had access access to unk unk unk unk , which was unk from the size of a million people , and 2,000 years ago .
And what she found was a 10 percent of the people who were invited to support the number of two percent .
They 're going to 50 50 percent -- 10 percent less employees , as if you 're only five dollars . Why ?
Because it 's going to be 50 , which is to choose to be able to choose to decide what you want to do tomorrow .
And then , tomorrow , and tomorrow , and tomorrow , tomorrow , and tomorrow , of course , of course . "
You know that it 's not just to say that people would eat when you go to the education because you do n't have enough money to do it ,
Through the unk , you have to give you to a few thousand dollars a year ago , who had to be happy with your life .
unk is a consequence of many of them .
And I think it looks like the world looks like this .
You want to do the right thing when you do all of you , right ?
They do n't want to go to the wrong unk unk , or not the wrong .
So this is the effect of the effect , and the other effect is that when we 've lost the unk , and we have a choice , when we
And there are several reasons for that .
One of them is to be able to get a lot of different unk , if you buy a buy , and it 's not perfect -- and it 's
The more possibilities there are more times more than that is that it 's not bad for the choice that you meet .
Secondly , what I call " unk . "
Okay , there was a big point in front of this morning when he looked at the same way we were talking about how we compare it .
Well , if there are a lot of solutions , it 's just to find some of the properties that you 're trying to do it , you do n't
Here 's an example . And for you , the New New York , I 'm sorry .
But here 's what you should have .
Here 's a pair of unk .
Very expensive .
unk . unk . Yeah . It 's all about it .
What could be better ? " unk unk , " it 's going to be unk . "
Everybody in my unk neighborhood is gone .
I could go right in my house . "
And he said two weeks of the first thing that he had the chance to have a day of a day , a lot of California .
unk is the happiness that we get through our choices , which is what we 've got to be fantastic .
And the more possibilities in the possibilities that have more and more unique properties of these tools are going to be able to get in the unk .
Here 's another example .
Well , this cartoon makes a lot of unk .
He makes a statement about this , and maybe it 's starting to slow down .
But a more important thing that he 's doing is : " Where do you want to do something about what do n't do things ? "
And these other things have a lot of unique properties , and they will do what you 're going to have less less .
Third , unk .
This is what I met when I did my sister .
I 'm unk , almost all the time .
And there was a time in the United States , and you bought it , and you bought them , and you were unk , you were incredibly unk and
So , to go back to me , to buy a few years ago , the morning , and I said , " I 'd like to be a few
And the one who said , " Do you want to do it , unk or unk ?
Do you want to sit down there , or unk ?
Do you want to unk with unk ?
Would you go back down , unk , unk , unk unk , " and so he said .
My grandfather was down , and when I went back , I said , " I 'd like to be the same time that was the only way that was
He had no idea what it was , so I spent an hour of all of these unk , unk , and the business -- and I tell the truth
I had better . All of these choices would make me better .
But I felt worse .
Why ? I wrote a book book about trying to explain myself .
And the reason that I felt was worse , and all of these choices , I 've had a lot of good for a good pair of unk .
I had very low pain . I did n't have an intellectual expectations when they were just in a way .
When you were in 100 million people , he would have to be perfect .
And what I got was good , but it was n't perfect .
And so I was able to do what I had to do what I thought about , and what I had was unk in terms of what I expected .
This is based on the lives of people who have lost the people who have been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
And this leads to less happiness with the results that are the results of the results .
No one in the world of this knows . Because if you would do it , you do n't know what it was about .
The truth is more like this .
The reason is that it was better than all worse than it was worse than it was bad for people to experience the experience of a surprise .
Today , in the world in the world we live -- we are in the world , as citizens -- with the best -- for the best you can ever
They 're not going to be surprised , because your expectations , my expectations , are unk .
The secret to this -- that 's what you 've got all of you -- this is the secret to unk .
I want to say -- a very short moment -- that I 'm a woman , and she 's really wonderful .
It would n't be better than I can do not .
But it 's not always a bad thing .
And finally , after a result of the unk of a unk , if you 're just one way , you know , if you 're talking about , and
If you 're hundreds of hundreds of thousands of dollars , and you buy a buy , and you ask why , who is responsible ?
Is it true , that the answer to the question is :
You would have better than it .
In 100 different types of unk in the unk , there 's no reason for me .
And so , when people make decisions , and when the result of the decisions are good , you feel about you , you think about yourself .
unk depression in the Pacific world in the last generation .
I do n't believe in a single -- not the only one , but a unk of unk , this is the unk of the depression , and it 's
And so this is the unk system that we feel better , and we feel worse .
So let me remember .
This is the unk , which is one of all of us , right , it 's wrong . It 's not true .
There 's no question , something that 's better than not , but it does n't do better than something else .
There 's a magic . I do n't know what it is .
I 'm quite sure that we 've been able to get this time for the choice of our emotions .
Now , as a question is -- " I 'm almost done -- as a matter question , what 's the story about this is what it all of these
There are a lot of people in the world , and we 've heard of many of them , their problems are not the big thing .
The problem is that you have a little bit .
So the things that I 'm talking about is a more complex problem of modern , rich , Western societies .
And what 's like this , and it 's Steve Steve , you 've got to tell you about how much more and more expensive in the car car is
What I 'm going to tell you is that these unk are complicated complicated -- it 's not easy to do it .
They even even hurt .
They 're getting worse than that .
If something like the human beings , we do n't need to change the societies in human beings , not just to change the life of human beings , but
In fact , they call a unk unk unk .
unk is going to keep that all better than -- not only the poor -- because all of these huge choices .
Finally , read , you read this cartoon , and it 's a unk , you know , " Oh ! What do you know ?
You know , it ca n't happen in this way . "
unk unk , a unk view of the world -- and that 's the way I read it .
The more I 've been thinking about it , the more I came out of the idea that the fish is something .
Because the truth is that if you do that , you know , all of this is possible , you have n't freedom freedom . You have the freedom .
If you look at that , it 's so that all of it is possible to lose your happiness .
It makes the unk and the happiness .
Everybody needs a unk .
This is almost almost unk , but it 's also for the fish , but for us .
But the unk is from a unk unk is a recipe for unk , and I think it 's disaster .
Thank you very much .
You know , I 've been talking about some of these projects already before talking about the human genome , and what that could mean , and the discovery of
In fact , we start from a new point , which we 've learned from biology , and we 're going to go through the digital code in a new
We 've always tried to ask questions .
What 's life ? It 's something that I think that many of you have to understand and understand the different level .
We 've got all sorts of trying to do it on the sequence of components .
We 've been in 20 years ago , as soon as we saw the unk , it took us from the unk of the history of biology in the digital
Now we 're going to ask ourselves if we can live in our brain or whether we can change our lives , from this digital universe ?
This is the map of a small organism , unk unk , which is the second genome of the genome in the lab itself , and we 're trying to
We 've done it in a hundred million people around the 500 or so that they are here .
But if we look at this map of the map , it 's very simple , in terms of our own faith , I think that 's simple , but
So we 've decided that we can find the only way that we can actually use this in the process of which allows us to share the components of this
And so we started to ask the question we can make a unk ?
Is it the chemistry that really made these great big molecules that have never done before ?
And if we can be able to do that we can see this ?
unk is a way of a piece of unk material .
Our steps at the level of life in life .
Our genetic genes has been very slowly slowly , but it has to win , and that 's where we 've been going to go to an exponential curve .
We started 15 years ago .
It took a few years ago , with a unk before we had the first experiments .
As it turns out , DNA is very difficult .
There are thousands of the world around the world , you can get a little bit of DNA molecules , 30 to 10 years old , but it 's a
So we had to create a new method that we developed these little pieces and made the mistakes .
This was our first attempt to start to start with the digital information , of course , in the genome of the Gulf .
It 's a small virus of bacteria .
We made a little bunch of paper , and we had a unk and a DNA molecule of just like about three letters .
The research came from the way we made this piece of paper , and we made a bacteria , and this bacteria made the genetic code and read it .
The light particles came from the cells , and then killed thousands of thousands .
In recently , I said , and they said that they were doing this model .
They found more than they did it .
So we think it 's a situation in the software that can be built in their own structure in a biological system .
But we also wanted to go further further . And we wanted to build a whole unk unk , and there 's more than the genetic code code , so
Design is the key , and if you use digital information in the computer , you have to use this digital information .
When we saw the first genome , it turned out to the unk in a few thousand dollars .
We found in unk unk unk , and if we had to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
A part of the design is designed to make pieces of the paper in the past two , and the other things have to be able to be able to
We have unique elements here .
You may have heard of unk unk .
Think about it : " We 've got a code code , " A , C , C , B .
unk of these two letters are about 20 unk , and there 's a single cause of all of these unk .
So we can use the genetic code that we can call our words , unk , words .
First of all , we started to quote .
Some people were unk that they were not poetry .
We 've built the paper that we 've been able to do with them , and then there are the unk and these unk .
And we started to create unk , and we started to put the paper back to two - thirds of the unk , put these two - dimensional pieces of
In every step we 've made these pieces in the paper that we 've been able to do it , because we were trying to create a very complex process
We 've tried to go to the point .
So , this looks like a unk unk .
If we 're going to get into this big big place -- and over 100,000 100,000 -- they 're not just able to move to all sorts of buildings in
We knew from one of the brain that was called unk , which was used to be able to use the DNA of the DNA , which these things can
Here 's an example of this . There 's an organism called unk unk of three million pounds .
You can see in the edge of the unk is that it 's just apart .
12 to 24 hours later , it was all over the same time .
We have thousands of organisms who can do that .
These organisms can be able to be able to get them in the water .
I 'm absolutely sure that life can work in space , and we can change , to look at the conditions .
In fact , the NASA has shown that it has lots of things out there .
Here 's a unk unk of the molecule that we 've done by using these processes that we actually have to use it in the environment , which we have
This is not a unk unk .
It 's a big molecule that we can see it in the unk .
These are images over a few seconds .
This is the unk that we have recently recently .
These are over unk letters in the code code , this is the largest molecule with the structure that has ever been made of people .
It has a unk from 300 million million .
If we put it with a unk of 10 or a paper , it would be unk pages , just for the genetic code .
Well how do we take a unk ? How do we use it ?
Of course , it 's a virus that is very simple , it 's much more complex with bacteria .
It 's also easier if you 're going to be unk as we can do it -- you 're just going to get the window out and have a different
unk unk is the inside the cell , but we recently have shown that you have a full of a cell from a cell to the other way , and
We took the unk of a unk , and we said , these two people are from each other people like , and we made a few examples of genes
The new built in the cell .
In fact , we thought that this is the end , but we have to try and process this process .
This is the unk of evolution .
We find all the species of the species that have a second unk , or a third of all of thousands of thousands of times in a second species of
So people who have evolved as a gene has been able to change the level of biology .
There are unk unk , which is actually DNA .
This was the inside of the cell was not someone who had the unk .
It was built in the cell cells and realized that the other one was in the unk , and then we had one day with a cell .
It unk blue blue genes on the genes we had .
And after a very long time , all of the human beings have been lost in a new basis of the new software that we built in the cell .
All of these changes in the unk changed -- when we had the genetic code , it was exactly what we have .
It looks like unk unk , but we can be able to use the software DNA , pretty much change .
Now , I 've learned that this is not the unk -- that 's based on three billion years ago .
And I also realized that we might have been able to create a new form of the structure that built into the new development of these technologies in the digital
Why should we do that ?
I think it 's pretty obvious to us what we need .
We are from six to nine billion people in the next 40 years .
To be in my relationship to me , I was born in the year .
Today , three people are on the planet for each of the year in the United States , it has been within four years .
We have problems with food , with the water and water , medicine , unk , for a billion billion people .
It will be a challenge for unk .
We need five billion tons of gas gas , unk billion billion of oil . That 's a hundred million times a day .
If we know about biological systems , or a process , it makes a huge challenge .
Then , of course , there 's all the CO2 from this material in the atmosphere .
We have now , from our discovery from the whole world , about three million genes , and I want to believe that these are the future of the future
The unk had had a three - dimensional components and you look at the diversity of this .
We 're going to go up to the edge of the environment and reality of our imagination .
We 've been able to use these technologies to be able to do to do what we 're going to understand .
We have the opportunity to create a big robot to build the millions of thousands of the day .
If you can imagine in these 20 million different genes , or they can do this process , or to create new drugs , we can use with a small
And it 's just natural selection , and we can go to unk unk , and we can use unk unk , or chemicals and unk .
This is a picture of design design in the software that we 're working with , and you 're going to be able to do it , and then you
You know , we do n't really understand how it looks like we can see exactly how the genetic code is going on .
We focus on the fourth generation .
They 've been used to unk , which is a bad experiment .
We have the unk of the third and the third generation will be soon as far as far as different or different species of unk .
But , as we think that the only kind of biology has a huge difference without the cost of food , or the power of their power is when we
And we think that we are the first generation with the fourth generation , and it 's about 18 months .
unk and carbon is there .
But in our discovery in the world we have all sorts of different ways .
This is an organism that we 've seen .
He lives in the deep sea , like a unk miles , almost unk .
It 's going to be carbon dioxide in the sea of water as a source .
We see if we can use our carbon dioxide , which is able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get
In a short moment , we could be able to have one of the fundamental questions of life .
You know , we have really -- in fact , the goals , like the unk of all the industry industry . Right ? If you do n't have to
But we 're working on the same process for the development of development .
They have this year with the flu , that we are always a year in the back , and we have a dollar a little bit if it 's the
I think that it 's going to be able to go through the unk .
It 's like the future might be able to be able to change what 's going to be able to be unk by bacteria bacteria , unk , unk ,
We are able to move away from human beings , and we do n't have the opportunity that we have a chance to have a long time to understand that
On the last TED conference , I had an hour to the earthquake .
And I went back to come to show you how the machine works .
Now , it 's like this . And for all of those who were n't there , there was the largest experiment in the world , which was more than
His job is to be able to create the conditions that have less than a second to the universe in the universe , and it 's about 400 million times
It 's just just unk .
This is the engine of unk .
We take these images in unk .
This is working with me . He 's called unk unk -- unk feet in the unk , 22 feet tall .
Here 's a remarkable picture of unk in the structure that you can see .
The 10 years ago , after the year , the machine was the first time .
And this image was made by unk .
It was built in unk unk .
It 's a picture of the first unk that the entire time of the earthquake , then then , in a process of the unk , it went to a
In other words , when we saw this image of 10 years ago , we knew that the machine works .
I do n't know if this is the largest climate system , or it was like someone who wanted to look at the Google and the front page .
It means that we have a cultural message between the science .
About a week later , there was a problem with the machine that had to do with this video here -- there were these unk unk .
These unk unk unk when the machine is unk .
Well , the engineers who are going to tell you and say , " No , do n't do it . " There are little unk . "
You can do that , because if you go into a very long way , it 's called unk .
So , in unk , unk , as a space between the stars , there are these unk .
In one of the connections between between unk unk in the earthquake , there was a unk .
It turns out the unk , and unk unk unk suddenly unk .
This was the result .
Well , this is all the time when you imagine that the virus over 20 tons of tons and it 's about 30 feet .
So we care about 50 50 pounds .
And they had to do what we did .
We put it new , unk .
It 's all of them back to her back .
In 2008 , the earthquake has gone back .
We 're going to send him , and we 're going to show the first data on the last year or June or four months , and then our journey
Well , of course , in a sense , like this , there 's a little bit about the discussion of science and science in this line . It 's
I think the fact that it 's so hard to understand that we 're going to change our borders , the value of all of the buildings .
I 'm going to quote my words in English English scientists , unk , which I like , as he had the unk of his unk in his unk ,
Thank you .
I 'm a writer .
unk books is my job , but it 's more than that .
It 's also my big life , and love .
And I do n't expect that the change will change .
However , there 's a little bit of my life in my life , and I 've heard about this in my life , and I 've been able to
This was an event that I recently wrote a book , " unk , " unk , " unk , " unk , " unk , " unk , "
The result is that I do n't matter where I 'm going to be treated as if I was going to be the unk .
unk -- unk .
For example , they 're going to worry about me , and say , " Do n't you say you 're not going to get this success ? "
Do n't you fear that you all of your life and never come to write a book that makes someone in the world ?
Okay , that 's really the courage .
It would be worse when I did n't remember what I was about 20 years ago when I was when I was the first time I told that I was
People said , " Do you do n't worry about your success ?
Did you be a fear that you 're going to get a unk ?
Did you not fear that you 're in your life for your life , and you never get something that you 're going to have to have a unk -
So , you know , you know ?
The answer -- the answer to all these questions : " Yes . "
Yeah , I 'm afraid of all these things .
And I had always .
And I had a lot more more things that would never be .
How unk -- and other things are things .
But if there 's been writing about it , I 've been working on this , and I wonder , why ?
Is that possible ?
Is it seemed that someone would be willing to say that he 's afraid of doing who work to do that ?
And what 's exactly what is going to be creative creative , that they are looking for us to look at the brain state -- in a way , do
My dad , for example , and I 'm not able to think about his 40 years ago when he said to be , if he was scared .
With your unk , John said , " What 's going on ?
It just did n't know , you know ?
But it 's fair to say -- the group of the ones who have never like to call the unk of unk unk unk people .
We also seem to be this kind of kind of call to you , but not only the language , but they are all of all of these words ,
Everything you 've got to do is to remember the unk of all of their words , from the 20th century , the young and a few of their own
And the ones who did n't actually have been found out that they had to be able to be able to tell me .
Now unk unk told me about his death in his last year , " My book came to me a little bit . "
A remarkable thing that you can do about your unk .
But we do n't even know when we say something like this , because we have this kind of story of long as long as long as we 've heard
The question I 'm going to share with you today is this idea for you completely ?
Do you feel like that ? Because if you have a look at a distance , I 'm looking at this point in my mind .
I find them .
And I think it 's dangerous . And I do n't want to see how to go to the next century .
I think it 's better if we 're going to make our great health care .
And I 'm sure that it was for me -- in my situation -- very dangerous , starting to start to look at this dark side of the kind of
That means -- I 'm pretty young . I 'm just about 40 years old .
I may have another 40 40 years .
And it 's probably true that all of what I 'm going to talk about is what I 'm going to talk about is the world 's going to be
I 'm saying it because we are here , all of these guys are friends -- it 's probably probably my most important success is behind me .
Oh , Jesus , Jesus !
These are the kind of mind that you can take someone to go to the morning in the morning , unk , and I do n't want .
I would n't care about these things I love .
So the question is , how ?
After some of the time , I seem to tell that I can continue to be able to create a kind of kind of unk , but a kind of
However , I have to figure out how to find a sense of how I can find a real difference between my friends and my natural natural system about how
While I 've been looking for models in the past year , I 've been able to do that in the past , and I 've been trying to find
And this brings me back to the old and unk old .
Please follow me , because the circle comes down .
But in the age of unk and Spain , the people did n't believe that creativity comes from , okay ?
They thought that creativity is a kind of unk unk , who was from a view of the landscape , from the source of human beings -- unk unk ,
The Greeks were called the unk unk unk of creativity . "
Of course , he said that he would believe it would have a unk , and he gave him a little bit of unk .
The unk had the same idea called this kind of unk unk .
That 's great . It was n't really a genius that was a genius , very special individual .
They thought that was a genius of this kind of self - unk , that one of the believe that it would literally be in the walls of a planet
This is brilliant -- because it 's because there is the distance of what I talked about -- the psychological level that you can move from the consequences of the
And everybody knew that it worked so well ?
The artist of unk was a little bit of unk , like , for example , how many , right ?
If your work worked , you did n't have all of you , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know
If your work does n't work -- does n't make your mistakes , or right ?
Everybody knew you had a genius .
So the people who were in the West in the very long time .
And then the book and everything changed . We had this idea , and this big idea was : let 's change the individual of the city of the universe
It 's the beginning of the unk , and the people started to believe that creativity is from its own individual .
For the first time in the story , you hear these people , or they 're a genius -- that 's why he 's a genius .
I have to tell you , I think that was a great mistake .
You know ? I think , in a particular person , if he 's thinking about it , or he 's like the unk , like the unk and the
It 's like someone to ask for the sun .
This is unk and all of the unk , and it all of these unk in success .
And I think that this success of our unk are the artist 's artists in the past 500 years .
And if that 's true , and I think it 's true -- it 's the question .
Can we change it ?
Maybe to be in a study of history between the relationship between people and the mystery of the city .
Maybe not .
Maybe we ca n't look at the 500 500 years ago , not just in a unk talk .
And there 's a lot of people in this audience , which is really a scientific question about unk questions about the idea of -- basically -- unk , people
I 'm probably not all of you who can do with this journey .
But the question I do n't want to say , why not ?
Why not like this ?
Because it does n't matter how much other things that I heard when they were talking about the world 's completely crazy from the creative process .
A process that -- as everybody knows , it does n't try to do something -- so in other words , it 's not all of the behavior .
And in fact , he can feel sometimes unk .
I recently had a day when I looked at the West American unk , who had me about 90 percent , but she had a whole year of unk ,
She said it was like a unk .
And the country in the country would be unk .
And she felt when it came out of the surface of your feet .
She knew that they had one of them just like one of them , and that was -- in their words -- " unk like the hell . "
They started like the house in the house when she came from this poem , and it was the only thing that they had to be able to get a
In other things , they were n't going to get fast enough , and they were walking , and they ran the house , and she wrote the house ,
And then there were these moments -- that I 'm going to forget , and she said that there were three times that they were almost unk .
So , she 's walking around the house , and looking for the paper , and the poem is going through through it , and she made a piece of
She took the poem in his shoulder and she went back to the body , and it made the paper paper .
In those years ago , the poem and unk of paper on the paper is -- but just in the last word .
When I heard this , I said , " It 's like me , my personal process . "
That 's not my creative process -- I 'm not the unk .
I 'm a unk , and I 've got to work , I have to talk about every day and unk , and I 'm very unk .
But I was in my unk unk , sometimes this thing .
And I guess that many of you have done this .
Even I had to work , or the idea from a source of me , I could n't be able to change .
What is this for a thing ?
And how do we move to the relationship with our mind , but we do in the opposite of our health health care ?
For me , it 's the best example of like you can do this in the computer unk , and I took him a few years ago .
We were talking about this topic , and you know what most of the life of his life was dead , from the unk of unk , who was trying
But then he was older , and he went to tell me that he had a day on a weekend in Los Angeles , and I changed everything about it
He went to a high speed when he suddenly suddenly a little bit of a unk , which is like , when it 's often , it 's hard to
He did n't a piece of paper , he did n't have a paper , he did n't have a unk .
So he starts to get these old unk in unk , like , " I 'm going to get this thing about this , and I 'm going to be
I 'm not good enough , I do n't do it . "
But instead of being unk , it was easy to go .
He ended up the whole thing and did something new .
He just looked in the sky and said , " Well , you ca n't see the car car ? "
" I 'm going to be able to look like this song .
If you want to see , I 'm going to look at a moment where I 'm going to care about you .
If you do n't know , there 's another day .
Go and unk . "
His whole unk has changed .
Not the work itself . And it was so much more than less than ever .
But the process and the unk unk that he was around , and when he was the genius of that , he did n't have to get a lot of
It could be a unk , unk , unk unk , a unk between the sun and the unk , did n't know that it was not a symbol of
When I wrote this story , it changed a little bit like I worked , and I was able to save .
This idea was , when I was in the middle of the unk of unk , " unk , " I was in a unk of the unk of the
Not only bad , but the worst of the time .
I started thinking , I should start the project .
But then I remember it was like God in the sky , and I tried .
So I took my view from the unk , and I was talking about the unk of the room of space .
I was talking , " Look , " You know , and you know , both of the book is not brilliant , it 's not my name , right
Because you do n't know what I 've done , I do n't have more than that .
So if you want to be better , you have to get here , and you 're going to get your unk and your life on the environment .
Okay . But if you do n't -- you know what ?
I 'm still going to write , because that 's my job .
And I want to give you to me , that I 'm going to tell you about the part of this thing . "
Because ... -- at the end of it , it 's like to say , " Two times , they were in the unk of unk people with unk and
This was both of great , because they were unk and they were fantastic .
But again , again , very few years ago , there was a special special part of the community .
And I know you know what I do , because I know that you all of your life have a experience like this .
It was better than the unk and the unk , he did n't have any other than he ever had done before -- it was n't like a few days
And suddenly suddenly , there was no longer longer than human .
He was from inside of the unk , and down down down and everything in the fire .
When it was like this , there was the people who did that they called it in his name .
They put the hands together , and they started to sing , " unk , unk , God , God , God , God , God . "
This is God , you know ?
Now , in historical history , when the unk unk came out of this process , the universe changed in the United States from " unk , " unk ,
If a colleague in Spain , something called unk , " He said , " unk , unk , unk , unk , " unk , " unk , "
And that 's great , because we need .
But the unk part of the next morning , when the unk itself and he said that there was 11 times in a morning -- and it 's not a
He 's only a unk unk unk unk , and maybe it 's never going to get back to these unk .
And perhaps , never will be someone like God 's name when he says , but what do you want to do the rest of your life ?
That 's hard .
This is one of the unk unk of a creative life .
But maybe you do n't have to be full of all of you , if you do n't have to believe that the most important thing you can get from
If you may be , they think it 's a city -- from one of the source for a time of your life , someone else 's going to be
If we start to think about it , it changes everything .
So , I started to think about this , and I think about the last year , while I was working in the book , that soon soon , it
What I have to tell myself about when I 'm going to crazy crazy , is not a fear .
Not not .
Just a job job .
unk to keep in your job , which is always in his life .
If your job , it 's dance .
If it 's the unk of genius , that you have to be on the other hand , is to decide , after a short moment of a miracle of
And if not dance , it 's dance .
And " unk ! "
I believe it and I have the feeling we should teach .
" unk ! "
Thank you .
Thank you .
unk !
Last year , I took these two slides to show that the unk of the unk , which has been around for three million years , the size of the
But it does n't necessarily have enough enough to get this particular problem , because it 's not the surface of the ice .
And in a certain sense , the unk is the unk of the heart of our global unk .
It 's growing in the winter and unk in summer .
The next slide I 'm going to show you is a unk in the last 25 years .
The unk is unk with red .
As you can see , it 's going on unk unk -- this is the ice ice in the winter , and it 's summer in summer .
This is called unk , five years old or older , almost like blood , which is the body of the body .
In 25 years , it 's going to be here to be here .
This is a problem , there 's the climate change in the oceans of the ocean , in the big areas of carbon dioxide , which is , when he
unk with the entire amount of unk unk in the atmosphere , that would be the number of unk , if we have this critical point .
Now , today , there are in a couple of unk in a few holes in the desert from itself .
unk unk at the University of Boston in Boston , with another group of unk , there was a different place in the winter winter .
Wow !
It 's good . The question is , how will we care about it .
And one reason is this huge gap in the north .
This is a unk unk .
But the unk are more greater than ever before .
This is the unk river in unk .
If you want to know , the sea level of unk , you can see it in the ocean .
These rivers are moving .
On the other end of the planet , the south of the planet in the planet .
Last month , the entire continent has a negative unk .
And the unk , which is about a couple of unk unk , it 's very special .
This is 20 feet - like , like unk .
In the unk , the unk unk , you see the big place that had a few years ago .
40 percent of the people in the world are half of them from the unk .
In the unk , this is the unk unk of this city .
The water has gone .
But when they 're unk , it 's going to be drinking water .
In California , there was a 40 unk in the unk of Paris .
This is unk .
And the signals that they read them , are serious .
This is the unk in the world in the whole world , a lot of unk .
And the laws of all the world in the world are actually in a really unk and never before .
unk so many of the last 30 years ago in the unk .
This is a unk unk unk .
If you look at this in historical history , you can see what it does .
In the past five years , we have 70 million tons of tons of tons of all of 24 hours -- two tons of every day in the oceans .
Look at the area of the Pacific across the city of the continent and the unk of the Indian unk , where there 's a climate change in the ocean
The biggest majority of the global warming between global warming , which is about 20 percent , is the fuel from fossil fuels .
oil is a problem , and coal is the largest problem .
The United States are one of the two unk , unk with China .
And the case was a lot of other things to build .
But we start starting to change a change .
Here are the ones who have been published in the last few years ago , with some green solutions that were going to have .
There are political political in our country .
And the unk and unk unk has a unk billion dollars in order to buy the coal , which is what it has been in an area .
This is what I remember .
In nine days , I went to home , in a billion tons of unk .
They have unk in the news .
This is in our country in the country of unk America .
This happened at home .
One of the unk in the day was at the time .
The unk unk is a unk , unk .
He 's in unk and unk in America , and it helps us to change our economy .
unk , the unk is unk every day .
He 's unk , and unk , and people are in unk and bread .
This is the source of the coal in China .
The most vulnerable is the unk of unk unk .
So let me tell you an idea : Al Gore , unk unk , Harry unk , they do n't know what they 're talking about .
So the unk of unk has two unk in the world .
This is a part of them .
When we look at this , climate change is a serious danger for our business .
That 's why we have to go back to the unk unk , a unk of unk , to take a unk to move to the truth of coal .
In fact , it 's not unk .
We believe it , it 's perfect -- and it 's too good .
So , do n't worry about the climate change .
unk unk .
unk coal , you have a lot of them .
So let 's take this one , from this system , clean unk .
unk ! This is a unk .
But it 's the sound of the river .
And yet , of course , from one of the coal for the global warming , we 've got the remarkable thing that you can see .
Look at that time , this is the unk system .
Finally , the unk of the alternative to our freedom and the challenge of our security .
America is in a global crisis , the economy of security , climate change .
The red , which is all of this , of course , our unk of carbon dioxide , like unk and coal .
But now there 's a unk , new solution to give us this kind of unk .
In America , in America , 100 percent electricity , electricity within the next 10 years .
A plan to go to America , to go to work , to make sure , to help us global global warming .
unk , a solution , the big enough is to solve our problems .
In America , they do more .
This is the last .
It 's about a unk of America .
One of the species in our unk , from our unk , unk , the world , our world , we can save .
The future is here . unk , sun and a new energy system .
New investment to invest in order to fight jobs .
America is America . It 's time to reality .
There 's an old woman says , " If you 're going to be able to go home . "
If you want to go out , go together . "
We have to go , and that 's fast .
Thank you .
I want to start with you to think about your time when you were playing with unk .
While you noticed , when you looked at the hands and unk , the unk , and they learned , and they were able to start thinking about problems and
This is a way to think about how we make a lot of our environment .
Now , as a computer scientist from the kind of our interaction with physical objects , with me , with my unk unk and my colleagues unk unk , I
And this question was so much that we were able to study to the answer and we 've developed .
In short , it 's a new software in the size of a unk .
You can be able to move on the hand , they can get each other , they can move through their motion , and they have a screen and a
And more importantly , they are living , so if you look like this , when you can see , as you can do the same with your hands and
And the unk are an example of a new generation of unk in the digital data .
And if these laws can be able to be able to create an awareness of their own behavior , each other and the unk of our behavior , they can
I start with some examples of examples .
This is a unk for the unk , and when I 'm going to do it in a way , it 's going to show the video games when I
And these unk images come to each other .
So when I look at each other , it will be interested in .
When they are unk , they 're going to be able to do that , and you can get nervous .
And they feel more and unk .
A interesting one of the interactions that we started to realize is that we can use the sound of information on how we could look like , like , like
In this case , we have three times as a unk , and I can use it to use color in color in the middle , where they 're going
If we do it , we can do a little bit of unk .
There are also some nice signs in the English language , or unk , where we can see the people from the beginning of the results , and the results
Here I 'm here -- this is a pair of a result that I do with a simple unk .
This is a game with one words , which is a kind of unk and unk .
Basically , you 're going to take a message on each other unk on the unk , and when you 're trying to write words , they 're going to
Then , after 30 seconds seconds , it 's going to get back to a new and new process .
Thank you .
These are some of the kids on one morning on the Los Angeles , and I was able to move it out , and try a video .
They really loved it .
A more interesting reason in this kind of applications is that you do n't have to give any instructions .
All you have to say is " unk " and they know what to do .
Here 's a few people who test it .
This is our unk unk unk down there .
It turns out that he was the only thing about it .
So for him , they were just unk .
This is an interactive unk .
We wanted to build a unk for unk .
This is unk .
He can create new characters in the scene , through the unk of the table , this character .
Here 's the sun .
The sun goes on .
Now he 's going to make a unk in the scene .
The unk .
Good work ! Yeah !
By the unk , and then they 're going to show the unk , he can see the characters .
Just his own history .
Hello !
It 's a story with the end , and he can decide how they evolved .
unk .
The last one , which I 've been here today is to show a music -- for a living -- we 've been developed and developed in the way ,
Everybody has four different numbers . You can choose what you use .
And you can see these sound in the sequence that you can find in some patterns .
And you unk them , if you just make a sound -- a sequence of a sequence .
There are on the effects that you can live in the way , like , like unk , like , like unk .
You put it together with a certain sound and unk it .
And then , even more than the speed and the speed , you can move through the entire sequence .
So let 's see .
We 're starting to start the unk in two months , and these are in a series of them , and it 's a little bit more voice .
Now I 'm going to make a mouse .
Now I 'm going to do something more about it .
And I 'm going to put the molecules with the molecules that I can have to understand the effect .
I can move the whole speed of the speed of the speed of the other or another direction .
And now I 'm going to make the filter with the paper , which is more than more .
I can see the sequence as they 're moving through .
And so I do n't have to do it in the future , but it does , because they 're going to do it through the speed or a little
And finally , I can go through the whole sequence of unk , which I 'm going to move on the wall of unk .
Thank you .
So , as you can see , I mean , it 's going to be a new way of human computers -- to create the better than our brains and
And today , I had time to give you a part of this new design of the world , and some of the possibilities that we could do in our
And the idea that I 'd like to do with the way that we can go back to the end of this generation of new generation of interaction with the
Thank you .
I 'm pleased to talk to you all of this !
When I was 11 years old , I was one of the morning , as soon as soon as soon as I was .
My father had heard of his little unk on the unk of the unk .
He saw a very happy thing , which was pretty strange because it was the message of unk .
He said , " The Taliban are dead ! "
I did n't know what this meant , but it was my dad , very , very happy .
" Now you can go to a high school , " he said .
This morning I never never forget .
A high school .
The Taliban gave the power in Afghanistan when I was six , and she 's girls girls to school .
That 's why I was five years old than a boy and my old sister who had never been trying to teach him to a great school .
Only we could be both at school .
Every day we had a different way that could n't be able to see where we went .
We put our books in unk , so it looked like when we were just going to walk .
We were built in a house , over 100 girls in a small room .
In the winter , it was unk , but it was very hot .
We all knew we had our lives , unk , and our parents .
And then after the process of all of a sudden , after a week , because the Taliban had unk .
We were never sure how much they knew about us .
unk them ?
Did they know where we live ?
We were scared , but we wanted to go to school .
I was very good in a family , in the education , as important as well and sisters .
My grandfather was at unk .
It was a unk from a unk in China , and he was on his daughter -- my mother -- to school , and it was about his father .
My mother mother was a teacher .
That 's it .
Two years ago , she went to the house to only our house in a school girls and girls from the neighborhood .
And my father -- here , you know , the first one in his family , who had ever been education .
For him , all of his time was that his kids had a child , then he had his daughters , who died of all of the United States ,
He looked like a much more likely to save your kids not to school .
I still know when I was in the United States , as soon as we were living from our lives , from the fear and fear .
I had good to say , " But my father said , " unk , you can listen to me . You can lose your life .
Your money can be . You can go into the war in your house .
But one thing will always be happier . That 's what 's going on it , and when we do with our blood blood on your lunch , we 're
So , you do n't want to give you ? "
Today I am 16 years old .
I grew up in a country , which was about decades of the war .
Less than six percent of the women of my kids have a higher than the unk , and when my family was not so much of my education , I
Instead , I 'm here today , as proud of unk unk .
When I went to Afghanistan , I was my grandfather , who was part of his family , because he had his daughters to send his daughters to school ,
He does n't just work with my work , but it was the first woman , and I was working with the car with a car .
My family believe me .
I have big dreams , but my family has more likely for me .
That 's why I 'm global global unk unk for a global campaign for education .
That 's why I grew up to be able to change the first , and the first one of the girls girls in Afghanistan , a country , in the
It 's wonderful to look like the unk in my school with a very important message of all of them .
And to look like their parents and their parents , as they were my parents for me , and all of my unk unk .
It 's like " unk , " He 's not going to be my name , and I can not be my face , but I 'm the father of
At a time , a month of his daughter and he went to the home of her in her village , and they are death by a day on the
When he went home , there was the phone and a voice to him , when he was going to get his daughter to school , she would try it
He said , " unk me , if you want me , but I 'm not going to go to the future of my daughter on the game of your
Now , in Afghanistan , I 've learned something that 's in the West , which is what most of us , the success of success , is a father
It does n't mean that our mothers are not important in our success .
In fact , they 're not the ones who are unk and unk for a future of their daughters , but in society , as a society in the community
Over the Taliban , they had a few hundred years old , because it was illegal .
But it 's going to go in Afghanistan for three million girls .
Afghanistan , from America , it 's so different .
The Americans are looking like these changes .
I 'm afraid that the change ca n't happen , and with the unk of the U.S.
But when I live in Afghanistan , when I look at the time in my school , and my parents who are working on them , they use it ,
Afghanistan is for me to the country and hope , and remember , the day they come back to the morning .
Just like I 've got big dreams .
Thank you .
And all of what I do , I 'm living in my life -- a few years ago , work in Africa as a young man .
from unk , I said , " I 'm old , but it 's not -- -- I 've lived in Kenya , Kenya , Kenya , unk , unk
I was working for an architect , and every single project we started to get the legs .
I was shocked .
I 'm 21 years ago , we thought we were good good and good work in Africa .
Instead , we killed everything we did .
First of all , the first project , my first book , " unk unk , " which was one of the people we wanted to show people out how
We came up with unk unk in South Africa , in this Valley Valley , which is the unk of the river , and we have the unk of the
Of course , the unk had no interest in interest , so we paid them for the work , and sometimes they decided .
We were surprised that it was in a way that was not in China .
But instead of wonder , why do n't you have anything , we said , " God 's thank you to be here . "
" Well , in fact , there was the other people who had to die . "
Of course , everything has been wonderful in Africa .
We had these unk . In Italy , they were so big , they were so big .
We could n't believe it , and they said , " Look , like , agriculture . "
When the unk came up , there were red , and they were night from 200 miles from the river , and everything .
We said to say , " Oh , God ! "
And they said , " Yeah , we do n't have agriculture . "
" Why did n't tell us ? " You 've never asked . "
I just said , " We were so unk in Africa , but then I saw what the Americans said , what was the English of what I was doing
We 're at least at least .
They should n't look at this -- -- you should say that you can see the most African African people .
They should be the book " unk " unk " unk unk , " she 's a unk unk .
The book was 2009 .
We 've got the continent of seven billion dollars in the last 50 years .
I 'm not going to tell you what this money has done .
You just read her book .
You read from one of us what we have .
We are unk , unk , unk , and there are two different ways we are talking about people , and we are unk , and we are unk .
Both of the words come from the unk , " unk , " He said . "
But they have two different things .
unk : I mean every person in a human culture , they were like , " I love to love that . "
unk : unk me in a human culture , they were like me .
So there are white guys in Africa . " unk , unk .
I was unk , when I wrote this book , " unk unk unk , and he said , in all the most people in the unk , if people
This should be the first question of aid .
The first one of the aid is respect .
Today , in the course of the guy , who had this conference on the ground and said , " Can you imagine a city , not the unk ?
When I was 27 years old , I decided to ask myself to people , and he created a system called unk , who never had to do something that
What you do -- you keep the mouth .
You never have a community with the ideas you 're going to do with people .
We do n't work from outside .
We meet us in unk . We meet us in unk .
We have no infrastructure .
We 're going to come together and find out what the person wants .
The most important passion .
You can give someone an idea .
If this person does n't like that , what should you do ?
The passion for its growth is the most important thing .
The passion for its own life is the most important human humanity .
We help them to understand the knowledge , because they ca n't be successful .
The person with the idea is perhaps not the knowledge , but it 's available .
So many years ago , I had this idea -- why not in a community , and people who say , what they should do , why do n't we
Let me tell you a secret .
There 's a problem with unk .
Now , you never have never , and they 're not going to tell you what they want to do with their money , what they can do .
unk in this son .
The people in the community you do n't know , because they do n't have to tell the public community .
We 're working on one one way to do this , to create a social infrastructure that does n't exist .
A new job has created .
This is the unk of the company , the unk of the unk , who 's in your house , in your kitchen and in your family , you can
I 've done this in unk , West unk .
I went back to the time , and I was trying to remember the unk , where we tell what they should do .
And so I went to the first year of my first year , and I was in the first three days of my first time . I helped him .
I was working on those who were working together , working together , and we do n't have a factory in a factory in unk 60 dollars to sell ,
And in a year , I had 50 years ago -- the government came to ask me , " How do you do that ? "
How do you do ? " I said , " I do something very hard .
I feel the mouth , and listen to them . "
So -- so -- the government says , " Do you take it again . "
We 've been around the world in 300 communities .
We have 40 dollars in the competition .
There 's a new generation of companies , which is unk .
Peter unk , one of the best in the history , died with a few years ago .
Peter unk was unk , when he had a company company called Peter unk : So , in fact , with a social society and the economy . "
unk is the unk of unk .
So you 're going to be able to survive without what you know , the most people , with their money and their energy .
You have to learn how to do this .
You need to give them and privacy . You need to be able to help them , and they 're going to come .
In a community of thousands of people , we get 200 billion .
Can you imagine a community of 400 people , the intelligence and the passion ?
For what you 're talking about most of you today ?
unk , unk , thank you .
I want to say that the power is the way .
We are at the end of the early Revolution , the unk revolution -- and suddenly , there are systems that are not sustainable .
The unk is not sustainable .
unk unk is not sustainable sustainable .
We have to look at how we spend seven billion people in the way that we can use , and they can do with them .
The technology do n't exist .
Who is going to build this technology for the green revolution ?
The government ?
It 's going to be . And they do it now .
I read a story in a recent magazine in many years ago .
There was a group of experts who were invited to be the city of the city in New York .
In the city , they came together and unk , which was in 100 years ago in the city of New York , and the idea was on the city
Why ? Did you see the curve ? And they said , when the population in this process , they have six million miles down to the people , and
Because they went to sleep in it .
In fact , they look at the technology , the life of New York .
What happens ? 40 years later , we had to go to the United States -- unk .
The idea , another technology would have found that the race was done . There were tiny small in the water .
unk . unk .
There 's a secret to help with entrepreneurs .
First of all , they have to be unk .
It 's not going to talk to you .
The next thing you need to do is absolutely unk and unk .
Then you need to protect the truth of truth .
Of the course of the most important , you have to be able to be able to get three three things that have to be able to have to be
You guess ?
We never have a single person , the same thing they would sell and sell to the money .
That does n't exist .
This person never was born .
We 've been working in college , and we would call 100 100 years ago in the United States , said , " unk , unk , unk , the
There 's only one thing that have all of the companies companies in the world , but one of them was only one person .
Now we teach unk in unk unk , and we 're starting to teach the first two pages of Richard unk to unk . The task of the unk is
I never said , " 32 and unk . "
He was n't alone when he started .
Nobody got a company in America . No one person .
And so we can create a community , in the unk , who has a unk , and they 're sitting in unk , and they 're sitting in your
What can you do ? Can you make it ?
Okay , can you sell it ? Can you pay the money ? "
" Oh , no , I ca n't like , " Do you want someone to you ? "
We are unk .
We have groups of volunteers , which are the unk to support them in the future , and people will help us . We 've found that the miracle of
Thank you .
Five years ago , I have to tell you how it might have to be proud of unk .
The state of college University was me -- I was a unk for communication -- unk students in public communication .
I was scared .
unk . unk of these students with their big brains and their big books , and they do n't mean words .
But when they look at the unk , they were looking like me as when she went down to the unk and a door to a new story .
I felt like , when I was talking to the students , I was writing about the idea that they had , and he wanted to see that this other
I think it 's open to open door , it 's great .
We need to have great communication to our scientists and scientists to change the world .
Because our scientists and engineers and those who are most of our biggest problems , like , like , for example , energy and health , and if we do
But these great music do n't happen when our scientists and engineers do n't teach them .
So scientists and engineers , please , for us .
I want to show you a few more interesting than you can do it , we can see that the science and the technology that you 're going to do
The first question you should have to answer is , what ?
Let 's tell us why you 're going to be interesting scientific science as we are .
Let 's not just tell you that they were unk , but they tell us that their unk , the structure structure in our bones , because they are important
And if you look at what they do , it comes back .
unk is a huge gap to understand your mind .
Of course , you know , " unk and unk , " but why do n't just go to your space and time , " What a lot of us
We 're going to do your mind , not just like the same time .
How Einstein has said , " Do things like that -- but not easier . "
You can tell us something about your scientific science , or not to be able to do this .
A few things are also interested in terms of interesting examples , and stories , in the way they can make us in your unk .
And if you do your work , then let 's go back .
Did you ever ask why , " What 's unk ? "
What happens when someone unk ? One other will be unk , and with these dots , your audience .
A slide like this is not just boring , but it 's also very much about the most part of the brain , and we 're very fast .
This unk unk unk unk had a lot of unk . It shows that the pattern of the unk system is so that it 's actually the inspiration for the
The trick here is a single single test , we can use a sentence , which is to tell the audience when it comes to the speed of unk ,
These are just a few things that can help us , to take this door , and to look at the science , the science and the technology .
This is the engineers that I taught taught to do with the " unk in unk , " I need to share with this equation .
unk from your unk and your unk , you can tell the audience that says to the audience , which is important , and the whole thing about the passion
So scientists and engineers , if you have this equation , I 'm sorry for me .
Thank you .
Hi . That 's my phone .
A cell can change a life and a personal freedom .
With a cell phone , you can find a crime on the humanity in Asia .
With a phone , you can send a message and a unk in Egypt .
And with a mobile phone , you can get a song , it 's unk and unk .
All of this is with a computer .
I 'm in 1984 , and I grew in Berlin .
Let 's go back to this city .
Where you can see how hundreds of thousands of people on the streets and they are in the street .
We are in the unk , and we decided that all of these people who were able to change the unk and changes in their genome .
Who in the room ?
Look !
If you look at your phones , you 're going to go up !
Do you go up . It 's a press .
These are many . Of course , there 's a cell phone .
But today , I want to talk about my phone and how to change my life .
And I 'm going to talk about this .
These are unk lines .
unk .
And why are these information ?
Because in the summer of 2006 , the unk has a unk .
This is called unk .
Now , this is an unk , that every company in Europe , every year in the entire Europe , Europe has a huge range of unk .
Who Who comes from ? Who does this email ?
Who will give you a text ?
And if you have a cell phone , where you are .
All of these information will be at least six to two years from your company or your unk .
And all over Europe in Europe , the people and they said , " We do n't want it . "
They said , we do n't want to do that .
We want to go back to the digital age and we do n't want to call the phone and all of these information on us .
There were unk , unk , unk , who would say , " We do n't want it . "
And here you can see , like thousands of people on the streets of Iraq and said , " freedom of fear . "
And some of them said that it could be called unk .
The unk was in unk .
And I ask myself if it really works .
Can you be able to use this information ?
Every time when I use my phone ?
So I asked my company called the unk , which was the biggest year in Germany , and I asked them , and then , all of the information that
And I asked them , and she asked them , and she did n't have the answer answer . Just unk unk unk .
But then I said , I want to make this information , because it 's my life , that you can get through this .
So I decided to do a unk , because they had this information .
But the police , not said , " Let 's not give you this information .
At the end , it came to a comparison with them .
I 'm going to put the back to me what she gave all the information .
Because in the course of the unk , it decided that the price of the unk was in the unk of the unk .
So I got these little black unk with a unk .
And on the street , that was this .
unk lines of information .
First of all , I saw it , and I said , well , it 's a huge unk .
But then I realized after a while . That 's my life .
These are six months of my life in this team .
So I was a little bit kind of -- what I want to start with ?
Because you can see , where I 'm going to go to night , what I do .
But then I said , I want to share with this information .
I want to go .
Because I want to show people what it means .
Together with online and open data , I 've done this .
This is an example of six months of my life .
You can see , and you can walk , and you can go .
You can move every step I 'm doing .
And you can see , like me , when I walk out with the train , I 'm going to go to the car , and how many of the
All this can be possible by this information .
That makes a fear .
But it 's not just about me .
It 's all of us .
First , it 's just like I call my wife and she calls me , and we talk about a few times .
And then I call a few friends friends and they call each other .
And after a while for you , you 're going to call you and you call it this information .
But you can see what people like to communicate each other than they die , when they are bed .
You can see everything .
You can see the blue , who 's the leader of the group .
If you have access access to this information , you can see what makes society .
If you have access access to these information , you can change the society .
This is an example of China and China .
This is the reality of how you can find a society , because you know , who knows what to talk about who you have an email email , all
And this information will be at least six months in Europe for two years .
As I started to start , we started thinking that all of these people were in the streets of unk in the streets of unk in their streets .
And the unk had had seen who had been able to figure out what the unk had had , who had to be the leader , it would never happen
The case of the unk did n't happen .
And that 's not the case of the unk .
Because there are two companies , and companies are so much information in how they can come from online and online .
They want the opportunity to change our lives , and they want to do all the long time .
But self and a life in the digital age is not an unk .
But you have to worry about the system today .
They have to fight for every day .
So if you go home , you say , your friends , the privacy is an average of the 21st century , and that 's not the old .
If you go home , you 're going to tell you , because your U.S. government and try to change the way they have to share information information , they
And if you do n't believe me , you ask your company for the information that you 've been talking about .
So , in the future of every time , if you use your mobile phone , you remember that you can change the city in the digital age .
Thank you .
I live in South Africa .
This is South unk : unk , unk , unk .
So , in the city , they 're looking at this , and the name of the South South Africa has to change it for something else , and he
This is South Los Angeles .
unk , unk , unk .
So like unk million people , I live in the streets of Los Angeles , the home of the unk and the unk unk .
The unk is that the unk are more people than the unk unk .
People die in South South Angeles Los Angeles .
The unk in my neighborhood is like five times more than in the Gulf , which is about 15 miles away .
I could n't have anymore .
And I said , " How do you feel if you do n't have access access to your food if you had every time when you look at the house
I mean , I bought bought , and they 're like unk .
I see unk unk .
And I realized that he had to stop .
I unk the problem is the problem .
unk is the problem and food is the solution .
And I had n't been looking at unk unk unk , who had an apple , who does n't care about unk .
So I went to a solar forest in my house .
It 's a piece of land that we call unk .
It 's 45 feet feet .
The thing is , it 's the city .
But you have to do it .
So I think , " Well , I can do what I want , because it means my responsibility , and I think it has to be .
And I decided to do it .
So I came , and my group , the Los Angeles , unk , and we started to go to my food , and unk , unk , and so
We are a kind of unk group , unk from all of the areas and all of the city , it 's completely unk , and everything we 're doing
And the garden is beautiful .
But then , somebody else .
The city came to me , and I was looking at a unk , and I said , " I had to look at the garden , I had to
And I thought , " Well , right ?
A unk unk is growing from food on a piece of land that you do n't care about ?
And I thought , " unk . "
Because this time would n't do it .
The University of unk came out of Steve Steve made a story , and talked about the city and a member of a blue foot . And you had a
We stopped the unk .
My unk , and he said , and they want to support it , and what we do .
So why should n't do that ?
unk in the United States , most of the most unk in the city .
They have an unk of unk .
These are 20 unk .
That 's enough water , unk million unk .
Why would n't you be that ?
Through the plant of a plant , you get 1,000 -- 10,000 .
And in green , in unk , in a number of dollars , you get to grow and vegetables in the number of dollars .
It 's my unk , and I tell people that they have their own food .
His own water is like your own money .
Look , I 've got a legacy in Canada .
I grew up there . I got my sons .
And I 'm going to be part of this part of the reality reality that I was made by other people , and I became my own reality .
Look , I 'm an artist .
unk is my unk . I was my art .
Just like a French artist , the unk unk , unk unk and unk .
I use the garden , the Earth , like a piece of stuff , and the plants and the trees are my unk for this stuff .
They 'd be surprised what the surface of all , if you could use it as a screen .
You ca n't imagine how it 's an amazing , and how people are unk .
So what happened ?
I 've been unk , like my own garden to an instrument for the education and the transformation of my unk .
In order to change the community , you have to change the complexity of the surface .
We are the ground .
They would be wondering how kids were about .
unk is the unk and unk , you can do it , especially in the city .
It 's also going to grow .
I remember this time , when this mother and her daughter , it was about unk night , and they were in my garden , and I came out and
I was really feeling bad because they were there , and I said , " You know , you do n't have to do it . "
The unk is not not in the street . "
I 've been shocked when I saw people who were so close to me , and I 've been able to do it in the other people who said ,
And I said , " Well , " God , " I did n't fear what they did .
It 's about the street .
That 's the idea .
I want them to take it , but I want them to take their health . "
In a time , I looked at a garden in this morning in unk .
These are the guys who helped me to get the food .
It was cool , and they found their stories about how they had it , and how they had to their mother and her grandmother , and she had been
Green unk has been like 20 unk .
In our unk unk , we got 50 people , and they did all the staff .
When children are growing , you eat .
When they are unk , they eat them .
But if you do n't have anything about it , when they do n't show you how people come home and body , they do n't know what they 're
I see people who are working on , but they 're in this thing -- -- I look at the kids who are right on the path , which is
This is when I look at an opportunity , where we can teach these kids to move their communities to live a sustainable life .
And if we do that , who knows ?
We could buy the next to George Washington .
But if we 're not going to create the complexity of the unk , we will never do .
So this is one of my own . I want to do this .
I want to make a whole unk in unk , where people have food in the same network .
I want to take a unk , and they 're healthy .
So , do n't understand me wrong .
I 'm not talking about unk , because it 's not sustainable sustainable .
The paper on sustainability is that you have to have it .
I 'm talking about to work with kids , and children from the streets of the streets , and they enjoy the joy , the passion and the privilege to
So , what I 'm going to do here , is that I 'm going to do this .
I want you to all of us , unk , unk .
We need to take the picture of unk .
If you 're not there , you 're not a unk .
Do you have to unk unk ?
And let 's the weapon of your mother .
If you want to do with me , you do n't like me when you go to the unk and unk , and do a meeting , you know ,
If you 're going to meet me , you 're going to come back to your unk , in my garden , we have to build a unk .
peace . Thank you .
Thank you .
One of my favorite unk in the entire English English is " unk . "
Because it 's so beautiful .
And " unk " means " unk unk . "
Even in the 19th century century , there 's a better definition of unk , " It 's a unk , unk , unk of unk , or unk ,
I have no idea what , " unk . "
Something about words , I think .
But it 's very important to say that words are in politics , and all the politicians know that they 're trying to do the language .
unk unk , for example , there were unk unk , the French unk , no press was the unk of unk .
And that 's where it went back to the unk of a man with the name of the name of the unk , which was the unk of unk .
They put it in the unk of London and London , but he was unk enough , he was unk enough , unk , and he ended up so much
And only a few years later , we find the first time for the sentence , as many people said , " many people . "
unk is to look at the English word for unk .
But it 's not true . It goes back to the unk .
So to show you how words and politics are , I want to show you how to do the United States , as soon as you have to go to
You looked at the question of what you saw Washington , Washington .
You did n't know .
How do you call the leaders of a nation ?
There was a long time in Congress .
And there were all sorts of unk unk .
I mean , some people wanted to go to Washington Washington , and say , " God , Washington , Washington , Washington and other people , the freedom of
Not so unk .
Some people wanted it to say King .
They thought that it was n't .
They were not unk , they wanted to buy the King for a few days .
It could be done .
But everybody was shocked because of course there was this debate in three weeks .
I 've read the unk of a unk read , which is always unk , " and still the same thing . "
The reason for the unk , and he was unk that was the unk against the unk .
The son did n't want to Washington Washington Washington .
King , say , and maybe it may be able to change ideas about their unk .
They wanted to unk him , unk unk , unk unk , who they thought .
This title was " President . "
President . She did n't call the title . He did n't read it , but he would say that someone had a unk unk .
It 's like something like a unk .
He had no more size than the unk " or " unk . "
Sometimes there was unk unk unk unk and unk , but it was really a unk .
That 's why he went to the unk .
They said , " I mean , you ca n't call it . "
This guy has a unk and unk unk .
Who is going to be serious about it , when he got a little black name like the United States of America ? "
And also , after 10 years ago , there was n't the question .
Instead , you have to go to the title , " unk unk , but they wanted to be absolutely clear that it was n't necessarily because of all the
You can see these three interesting things .
First of -- and I think I 'm at best -- you know , I do n't have to figure out whether the U.S. has never been the title of
President Obama Obama said , " The name was just unk ; he 's waiting for him who 's going to be active .
Secondly , you can see that when a government says that something is -- you know , it 's still going to be years later .
Third , and that 's really important , which is the most important thing , the title of the president 's President of the United States of America , not
It has a little bit more than 5,000 dollars to do , and this is the largest economy of the world and a solar system , and this is a
And it 's a story and the title .
And so in the end of the end of the end .
They have a unk title .
And the other risks of the unk , the unk of unk -- it was like this .
But you know how many countries have a president ?
unk .
Because they all have to sound like , like the guy in the unk , etc .
So at the end of the United States , and he never lost the president of the United States of America .
And this is the most important thing you can do , and with me , I 'm going to leave this .
politicians are going to be able to use the reality of the reality , but in fact , the reality are more much more than words to change the world
Thank you .
So I came up in a unk with a 50 - year - unk , unk unk , unk unk .
I unk my black unk unk against a pair of unk , and I was going to do a rocket in the way that I could n't see .
This was the first time I was in Afghanistan .
As long as I was born with the war , it was next to the unk and the unk of unk and unk with unk unk and unk unk ,
But this is the self itself .
And so I 'm now here , unk unk , unk unk of God 's unk , and an artist - artist artist , who was the last nine years
So , there 's a lot of Afghanistan in many of the things that you want to do , but I do n't have to be able to look at
I want to do a day in life of life in a local war , and the Internet against violence , " unk unk unk unk and unk unk and
And what else can do is to go into Iraq , when to do this , and to make a unk , what I 'm going to do : "
And we 're trying to use this campaign to use these unk unk , which is as a unk .
I want to talk about corruption in Afghanistan , which is called " unk , " where you 're going to be a police of unk on the streets of
I want to look at how the conflict in Afghanistan , I think , " I 've got to call " conflict . "
The war and the unk of the people who were going to come around , and there is a new environment in the environment , and they do n't just
And I 'd like to look like a unk unk from unk unk from unk , looking at a conversation about this , that today , in the unk ,
But for all these things , you can go to jail , they can be unk .
But I 'm doing it because I have to do because it 's the unk of the self .
That 's my weight . What 's your ?
Thank you .
Hi . My name is John unk and I 've been working as a model .
For 10 years ago , I said .
I have the feeling that I 've been looking at this room in the room , because I would n't have to leave the bus .
Fortunately , I 've got to do something else .
This is the first time that someone someone on the TED stage , you can tell you very happy to see what I think .
If I had a lot of women , as I got , I did n't want to tell you what I read later on Twitter .
I also realize that I 'm a unk , because I can do in a very few seconds of what you 're thinking about .
It does n't have any chance .
This unk is very uncomfortable , it 's good , that I should n't do it .
The most part part , is to say , " Look to my head , " because you 're going to tell me all of you , you do n't
All right .
Why did I do that ?
That was embarrassing .
Well , it was not very important as this picture .
It 's an artist , but it 's a pattern .
I 've seen your experience for me in six seconds .
And on this image -- I had never been a friend .
I felt very uncomfortable and unk , and I said , " When I got back to my unk , and my hand in the hair of this guy .
And instead of course , or the wrong unk , I 've been working on two days of the work , there are only very different ways to change our
unk to be told me to be honest .
And I stand on this stage , because I 'm a model .
I 'm standing on this stage , because I 'm a beautiful white white , and I 'm going to call this a girl .
Now , I 'm going to ask the questions , the people who are always asking me , but in the fundamental part .
The first question is , " How do you get a model ? "
I say , " Oh , I was discovered , but it does n't mean anything . "
The real reason , as I think a model is called a profit in the genetic code and a very important , and you 're going to ask you to
Well , in the last few centuries , we 've not only been as healthy and young , and in fact , of course , we 're not complex ,
This legacy was made for me , and it 's a legacy to me .
I know , there are people in the audience who are at that point , and maybe maybe a little bit of unk unk , " unk . unk ,
And first , my first computer model . Very impressive .
But unfortunately , I have to tell you that this year in a year , a very high - school student who was working on the Internet , every single
The next question I 'm always asked is , " Can I get a model if I grew up ? "
And first I said , " I do n't know , it 's not my responsibility . "
But the second answer that I 'd like to say , " Why ?
You know what can you do ? "
You can go to the U.S. of the United States or the unk of the next or the United States , which is completely wrong , because you were the
When they go to that one of these wonderful , still say , " No , no , I 'm going to be a model , " I 'll say
Because I have no responsibility for you , and you could n't get the unk of the American unk or the unk of unk or the next unk .
And to say , you 're going to be a model here , as you would say you 're going to go to the end of the unk in the
You ca n't change it , and it 's fantastic and it 's not a unk .
Now , I 'm going to ask you 10 years ago , because I do n't want to look at 10 years ago , as different as it can only
If there 's a few months ago , and the light is there , like a nice , and then says , " Yes , we want to be a
It looks like this .
Now , less than in the middle of the middle .
This is -- I do n't know what it happened .
If you go to school , and you have a paper and a few jobs , you ca n't even say much more than you say that you can be
The next question that I often said is , " Are all the unk unk ? "
And , yeah , all of these guys are unk , but it 's just a small part of this .
This is the first photograph I 've done , and this was the first time that I had a unk . I had n't even my time .
I know it will be pretty much , but I was a young girl .
So I saw just a few months ago before I had my grandmother .
This is me the day of this day .
My friend had to me .
This is me on a unk party party , a few days ago , a few days ago , was one of the French French French .
This is me with the unk team , and in the unk
And that 's me today .
And I hope you can see that these images are images of images .
They are there , and they are in a group of unk , and they are unk and unk -- and artists and unk and unk and all of the
Okay , next to the people ask me , " Do you do for free ? "
Yeah , I 've got a lot of unk unk , which I never can do , but from things , but the things that I 'm going to get
I grew up in Cambridge , and a day , I went to a store , and I had my experience , and I gave her for the bus for
When I went back to my friend , with a terrible book , and it was a unk , and then it was a red light , and then we
I 've been able to call these two things from my people , and not because of my personality , and there are people who are not because of their
I live in New York , and over the number of unk , who were in the last year and they were 16 percent of the black and black and
You live in New York , unk unk unk , black men and Americans who do n't ask the question : " Am I going to stop ? "
He said , " How often I 'm going to stop ? How do I stop ? "
In my research for this story , I found out that nine percent of the girls in the United States are not like . And the number of it is
The last question is , " How is it a model ? "
And I think they 're going to answer this answer , " If you 're a little bit of unk and unk , you 've got very happy and beautiful
And we 're going to give you a answer to the answer to this .
We say , " It 's really great , so much as you can see , and it 's great to be creative , creative , very , people ,
All right , it 's true , but it 's just one half of the story , because we never looked at the camera , which I never told the
And I feel feel because I 'm going to talk about every day of my view .
And if you could ask yourself , " Would I be happier when I had legs and legs ? "
And then you should have a few years ago , because they had the unk legs and the unk and the unk , and they were the ones of their
When I heard this talk , there was a very difficult thing to do , because I had a very serious experience , because I was very comfortable with this
It was mostly very hard to get a legacy of shame , because of the race , when I think of the biggest part of this .
I 'm also happy to feel , and I 'm proud to be here , and I think it 's great to say that I 've been going to go
If you look at this talk about a little bit , I hope that we all have the power of our unk and unk .
Thank you .
I 've seen the words of my grandmother never forget that the life in the life has happened , " unk , unk unk . unk .
But never will be like something like a unk . "
Now , there are almost two years later , since the unk revolution , it was inspired by the waves of the unk and both of the unk in the
I unk myself with a lot of other unk , and in unk , a day of unk , and a revolution against the unk of unk unk .
And it was a big revolution .
Boy : unk , men and men were in the first series , the end of the rules , the freedom of freedom , dignity and social justice .
They were unk unk , by unk against the unk of unk .
They have a huge sense of unk , unk from the Middle East to the West , in the south .
And finally , after a period of six months of war , and then we died , we died , and we wanted to go to our country , and
But it 's also a big risk of unk , a legacy of legacy , corruption and corruption .
For four decades , there were unk unk unk and the infrastructure , as the culture and the moral structure of society .
The unk and the challenges that I remember , as a lot of other women in the society , we have a unk and unk and democracy .
In 200 countries , as soon as soon as the case , in unk , almost 300 in unk .
After 30 years old , I came back to unk , and with unk , I moved to the unk , human development and unk .
With a wonderful group of women , I started the unk unk women , a movement of women , leaders , from all sorts of their neighbors , their goal
When I went to the unk , I went to a very difficult environment , an environment , and the relationship in the environment , the environment that was the
I had a unk of the unk unk unk unk to unk a rule of the rule of every day , not in terms of the opposite , and to
At the end of our organization , we succeeded .
Women died by unk percent of the unk in the first year since unk years .
But anyway , I 'm not aware of the unk of the elections , and the whole revolution revolution -- because every day , we 're going to send new
One morning we went to the unk of unk unk and unk .
On one morning , we had a message from the unk of the American and the unk to the message .
Once back to another morning , the unk of unk unk .
And in fact , every day , without the unk of the laws of unk and our unk against the human rights and all of the laws of rules and
Our society , of course , from a unk , unk and unk , from the unk and principles of freedom , justice , justice , justice , justice ,
unk , unk , and had become the unk from the revolution .
I 'm not here , because you have to show you with our success list and the elections .
In fact , I 'm here to talk about it that we have as a nation , the rule of mistakes and the wrong decisions .
We have our answer wrong .
Because the United States did n't peace peace or wealth .
Did the unk list , and the relationship between men and male and peace ?
No , it did n't .
What is it ?
Why is our society in unk , and unk unk unk and the unk and the unk , both men and women ?
Maybe the women were not only the only one , which was unk , but the relationship of the compassion , compassion and the unk .
Our society will have a national center and unk unk , when she won the election , which was the end of the unk and the unk .
Our society needs the unk of the unk of unk more than they have the unk , the unk of unk .
We need to go to the name of the unk , and a day of peace .
We need to start in the name of compassion and compassion .
We need to create a culture of unk , which is not the result of unk , but also unk : unk , instead of unk , without unk ,
These are the ones that have one of the war in unk , to peace peace .
Because the peace of peace has a unk , and in this area , there 's the unk of the unk and unk .
That 's the real place .
And we need to do it , we 've got to do it .
After a quote from the history of " unk " -- " unk -- " This is the word of God 's unk . "
The word " unk , " and the unk of all of the unk , " the same way of the word " unk " -- " -- " --
And just like the unk of the unk , in the colony , it turns out the whole system of compassion is the existence of existence .
That 's why I said , " unk unk all of things . "
That 's why I said , " My unk has lost my unk . "
Let 's all of the unk of the unk of unk .
Thank you .
When I was small , I thought , my country was the best of the world , and I grew up with the song " unk . "
And I was very proud .
In the school , we have the story of unk unk , but we did n't learn very much about the world out there , which is , America ,
Even though I said , when the outside outside , I thought , I would have my entire life in North Korea , all of the time .
For seven years ago , I looked at the first time a public , but I thought , my life in North Korea is normal .
My family was not poor , and I had never been lost .
But in the year of unk , my mother had a letter with one of my sister .
And he said , " If you 're going to read these kids , our kids are not more about the world , because we 've been two weeks of
We are on the ground and our bodies are so that we 're going to die . "
I was shocked .
I heard this time for people in my country .
In short , I went to the unk and I saw a terrible thing that I ca n't even more than my memory .
One woman was on the ground , and a kid in her house looked at the face of his mother .
But nobody helped them , because all of these things were to take themselves and their families .
There was a huge unk in North Korea .
At the end , there were more than a million people in the end of the majority , and many other people died because they were unk , and they
unk were always more , and so at the night , I 'm going to go back to the unk of China on the other side of the side of
And I asked myself why they had no light and we did n't .
This is a photograph of North Korea and North neighbors .
This is the river , which is part of the area between North Korea and China .
As you can see , the river is going to be unk , and it allows the unk .
But many people die .
Sometimes I looked at the river .
I ca n't tell a lot of me like to North Korea , but I can say that I 've been known as many of the most years of the
I just said that I had a long time from my family .
I would never thought it was 14 years ago .
In China , it was very hard to live with young girls .
I had no idea about how much life was going to be extinct as soon as soon as soon as I realized that it was n't very difficult , but
So I lived in unk , I think , my real identity was unk , and I would come to think about a terrible man on Earth .
One day , my family was true true , when I was in the United States , and I was in the United States , and we were going to
Somebody gave me to be unk , so they decided to give me my unk and unk questions .
I had this fear , I thought my heart would go .
Without anything else , I could be unk and unk .
I thought that would be the end of my life , but I made it my emotions and control the questions .
After all , with the unk , they said , " There was a unk . "
It 's not a unk . "
And they went to me . It was a miracle .
Some of the unk unk in China in unk people are unk , but they 're going to be a lot of people from the United States , and they
These girls had been lucky .
Even though they were lost , they were unk because of the international international international .
It was n't very good enough .
Every year , there are hundreds of unk in China , and in North Korea , where they were unk , or they 're going to be unk .
Even though I was lucky enough , there was many other than not .
It 's old , it 's going to be open to their identity , and hard to survive .
And after after they had a new language , and they 've learned to change their world in a moment of the head .
After 10 years ago , I decided I decided to go to South Africa , and I started a new life .
I was in South Korea , I had a big challenge , as I thought it would have thought .
English was in South Africa , so I had to start with my third language .
And I also have the big difference between North and South Africa .
We are all of them , but in the inside , we 've been very interested in all of the years ago .
I started a unk .
Am I unk ?
Where am I ? Who am I ?
Suddenly , there was no country anymore to be my home .
Even though , I 've got the unk of the life without unk , I had a plan .
I was working on the unk of the University of university .
Just as I was in my new life , I got a call .
The police went out of money , which was my family , and when I got my family , I had a local place in the country .
They had to be able to fly when I was able to move to her .
unk must have an incredible place on their own freedom .
It 's almost impossible to go to the border between unk and South Korea , but I took an airplane back to China , and I went down to the
Because my family was not a lot of English , I had to go back to a thousand miles from China and China .
The unk took a week , and we were almost a few years ago .
Once , as one of the bus , she was a church .
He took the unk of all , and started questions questions .
I mean , my family was n't there , and I thought she would be unk .
When the Chinese gave my family , I said , and I told them that they were unk , and I was unk .
He looked at me , but luckily , he believed me .
We were able to go to the unk line , but I had to make all my money back to the unk of unk .
But even after we went to the West , we had my family , because of unk .
After unk and unk , I got my family in a month , but after that was my family , unk was in the capital of capital .
This was one of the most famous my life of my life .
I had all done , for my family , freedom , and we were so close , but my family was just unk from the front message .
I went back to the relationship between the unk and unk , and I was trying to get my family , but I did n't have enough money to pay
I lost all my hope .
And asked me , " What 's going on ? "
I was very surprised that it was a fear of care .
In English , and in a dictionary , I mean , I had to change the situation , and when I went to a unk , and paid the money
I took him all of my heart and asked , " Why do you help me ? "
" I do n't help you , " he said .
" I 'm going to unk the people . "
I realized that this was an interesting moment in my life .
The unk unk gave me a new hope that had the unk , and he showed me the unk of the unk of the community and the community of the
And finally , after our journey , I was my family , and I moved to South Korea , but the freedom was only a step .
Many people are going to come from their families , and when they go into a new country , they do n't get a little bit of money .
The international community can help us in the education , the unk , the unk and the more community .
We can also bridge the bridge between the people in North Korea and the outside , because many of us are able to connect with each other , and we
I had a very lucky , so much of course , and in my life , I had to go back to success .
I 'm sure you 're going to have a lot more years out of the world around the stage of TED .
Thank you .
I have a question .
Please tell me that I 'm normal .
I want to introduce you to my brothers .
unk is 22 , big , very high .
He ca n't speak , but he 's joy in a kind of like a few of the best words could not .
unk knows , love .
He unk them , and he unk them .
He 's not unk . He 's not the color of color .
He does n't care about religious people , and they just said , " He never never told a lie .
And when he comes from music , I think , in the words , I do n't even remember that , remember , it seems to me , like a
unk is 16 . He 's big . It 's very cool .
He has an absolutely unk unk memory .
He also has a unk .
He ca n't remember if he was unk unk unk , but he was listening to the unk of every song on my iPod , which we had , when
Do n't listen to them ?
But many people do n't agree .
And in fact , because they do n't mind your mind in the social version of bacteria , and they often unk and wrong .
But my heart , and my soul was soul , he was , although that was the case , even though they were n't seen , they were just one
Well , for those of you who are not familiar with language , it 's a complex complex brain of the brain , the process of learning and self -
It comes in every single individual different , it 's so different .
And in the world of all , 20 years later , in a new brain , and there 's one of the most growing species in the world , there
And I ca n't remember the first time I read , but I do n't listen to a day .
I was three years old when my brother was born , and I was so excited that I had a new place in my life .
And after a few months ago , I realized that he was different .
He was very much very much .
He did n't want to look like the other kids had , and he did n't really care about me .
unk and lived in his own world , with his own rules , and he looked at his little things like , like a car in a room in the
And when he was older , he was different , and it was very different .
But behind the unk and the unk , who never had a story , was something that was a unique and unk , " a man who saw the world
unk .
Well , I ca n't believe that there 's a few moments moments in my family , moments that I 'd like to tell them that I was like .
But I 'm going to go back to the things that they taught me to talk about communication , and love , and I love that these things are not
unk is the beauty of the differences , and the fact that we 're not different from one of us is wrong .
It means that it 's another kind of problem .
And if I was only one thing to say , and I would ask you to ask and ask you , if it would n't be normal .
You can be extraordinary .
Because , not , or the ones that we have -- we have a gift , and we 've been a gift in the community , and the magic of
The chance on Mars , progress and change in the moment we are trying to figure out how someone else .
Please -- I 'm not saying I 'm normal .
Thank you .
unk unk has been taught with us and curiosity , with this photo in a photograph of an apple , and she was just a second second .
But now , 50 years later , we 're going to have a million times faster and not the world with a million or a billion or a billion of
I 'm going to give you a new kind of photography that shows the visual photography , a new unk , which is so fast that they can move from
And we can build these cameras that are going to be able to look at the edge of our unk , or without an image in our bodies , and
When I 'm going to take a unk and I put it in a second one and unk -- -- there are thousands of unk -- I 'm going to
So , if you look at this one , this kind of unk , and they put it in this bottle , so they 're going to be able to
How does light in unk ?
So , this whole event .
So , think about this , it 's very much less than a unk -- so long , it has to light the light , and then this is the
No , EDI , that does n't do that research .
So , in this film , it 's very much , so let me show you this and show you what happens .
The heart , our unk , is to the bottle with a unk , it starts to move , and then it comes down .
It 's part of the light from the outside outside the table , and you look at this area .
A lot of the effects of the unk and the bottle of unk and unk .
As you can see , there 's a unk that 's in the bottle .
In unk , the table on the table of the table , because of the end of the top , you can see that the end of the list of
Now , if you 're looking at a unk and take the same time , and the video comes back to the 10 billion , you know , how long
One day , a week ? No , a year .
That would be a very boring film -- -- from a slow , a little bit of unk .
And how does it happen with a little story ?
You can see again , like these waves , the unk and the wall in the background .
It 's when you have a rock in a star .
I looked like it would like to make a look like a unk image , but of course , our eye is a unk .
But if you look at this , again , again , you 'll realize that if there 's the light of the unk , it 's not going to be
Why is it that ? Because the unk and the light is going to take it back to a few seconds seconds .
So , in the future , if this is the camera camera in your unk , it could be able to be able to go to a local store and
So how did my team at MIT built this camera ?
So , as soon as soon as you know , when you get a photo with a short short , you have a little bit of light , but we
So we 're doing this : " We 're going to send this code , this unk , unk , unk , and you take this back and again ,
And we can all be able to measure all these data , and so interesting interesting things .
So , unk can fly .
Some of them have to be invisible , but what it would like to create a new future for a future ?
The idea is that we have a light on the door .
It 's going to be able to go into the room , a part of this will come back to the door , and then after the camera , we
And this is not a science fiction . We have it built .
unk on our left camera camera .
After the wall of a wall , and we 're going to light the light on the door .
After our paper in the nature of unk , it was published by unk , and they wrote this animation .
We 're going to take these light unk unk , and they 're going to be on this wall , and this kind of unk will go into all directions
And because we have a camera , which is so fast -- our unk camera has a unique unique .
It has a very good unk , and you can see the world in light .
And so , we know , of course , from the door to the door , but also the ones of the objects , but we do n't know what
When we have a light light , we can make a look at the screen -- they look at the screen -- they do n't really make sense , but
Can we see in 3D ?
So this is our unk .
We have to do something more than what we can do from the lab in the process , and we could build the cars , and we can see the
But because of the tissue and the tissue , this is actually a very interesting thing that actually makes a call for scientists , now we 've been talking about
So , like unk unk , even a scientist , the science has been a art , a art of science , and I 've realized that all of these
But it 's happening here .
If you look at these , there are the unk unk , you see that the waves are coming from us .
The waves should come to us .
What happens here ?
And it turns out that we could n't look at the speed of light , and we had this image to see this picture .
The order , in the events in the world , is in the camera in the camera in order , just by the relationship of space and time , we
So , do n't matter whether to work on the walls , or the technology for a new model for medicine or medicine , since our invention , we 've
It 's about time . Thank you .
There are a lot of ways to make our own lives .
We do n't know each other people on the street , so many of them are not going to go to the other people , but we use the same
In the last few years , I 've tried to try to look at my neighbors and share things like this , and unk .
The projects came from my questions like , how much pay my lunch ?
How do we make more things , without each other ?
How can we start to look at the images of the buildings , and our new eyes ?
And how can we be able to open our ears for our families , so our communities and our dreams ?
I live in New York and I love New York .
My soul comes from the giant unk unk , which has hundreds of thousands of unk , and unk unk . I have a city in the city , and
I think , every time when someone unk , there are in New York .
In this city , there are some of the most beautiful parts of the world , but it 's also the city with most of Africa in America .
I live in the middle of this house , and I think about how I could unk it , and I thought about something that changed my life .
In 2009 , I lost someone who I loved .
Her name was her , and she was like a mother for me , and she died suddenly .
I 've got a lot of life to be thinking , and I felt a great sense of my life , and it took me about the things that I
But it seems to me , this view of every day .
It 's very easy to keep in your daily experience and forget what it 's really important .
With the rest of the new and new friends , I got a side of the house in a house , and I wrote a story about the size of
I was n't sure what I had to experiment in the next day , the whole wall , and it grew up .
I want to be able to share with you with the share of the people on the wall .
" before I die , I 'm going to be unk . "
" before I die , I want to go to the unk unk . "
" before I die , I want to kill for people . "
" before I die , I want to make a tree . "
" before I die , I want to live " unk . "
" before I die , I want to go back to my poor . "
" before I die , I want to be a friend . "
" before I die , I want to be myself . "
This place became a place in a place place , and the hope and the dreams of people who were laughing to me and to remember , to me ,
It 's about to know that you 're not alone .
It 's about our neighbors and understand the new and a kind of way .
It 's about unk to unk and to think about what we think about most important than we live and we change .
I 've done this last year , and hundreds of thousands of people who have come together with the community , they 've got my colleagues and I developed a
We 've shown how much power our public spaces have when we have the opportunity to get our voices and more to share with others .
Two of the things we have , we have time and the relationships of other people .
In a world with unk , there are more interesting than ever before the things that are looking at the right way to look and think about that life is
We 're going to talk about it from the death of the day , but they 're just thinking about , but I 've realized that the unk on the
The thought about the life .
Our institutions are both at the best of what we are as individuals and as important as we are interested in both of our hope , and stories to share
Thank you .
Thank you .
So , I 'm going to do with mathematics mathematics -- a special problem for anyone who has to do with mathematics mathematics is that we are like we 're
Nobody knows what we really do .
That 's why I 'm going to try to tell you what I do .
unk is one of the unk activity .
We 're looking at unk from unk unk and unk , as you can see .
For example , there was a very beautiful amount of quality and unk , and perhaps a fundamental basis , the genetic genetic could have .
Unfortunately , unfortunately , in fact , in the age of unk , it has this extraordinary ability to do that in my life unk , which was the time
Over years , you 've got a lot of progress in the treatment .
However , there are more million million people who have the disease of this disease , and they have to have the unk of unk , unk , unk ,
We need to be able to measure the speed , and finally , the only way to really understand whether it can be , if we have a measure of
unk is that it 's for unk and other unk , you do n't have a simple test , it can be the best part of it , this is
You have to do it in the hospital hospital . It 's very expensive , and it does n't look at the studies of science studies never never done .
But what if someone had to do this time ?
That would have a unk unk to the hospital . What if they had to test this test ?
It would n't be a unk unk .
It costs about 300 dollars , which is in the unk school .
So I 'd like to give you an unk approach that we 're trying to do that , because we all are in certain ways , in my own unk
Here you see a video of the unk .
This is happening in the condition of a condition , if someone 's unk , we can look at unk as a unk , because we all have these unk
And like unk , it requires a lot of training .
Think about how long a kid has to talk about it .
Through the unk , we can change the position of the unk unk , and how the unk are the unk of disease .
On the bottom of you , you can see an example for unk unk .
We see the same symptoms .
unk , unk , unk .
The language is going to be unk and unk , and this is a unk .
And these effects on the voice can be unk , sometimes , but in the digital computer and the software software , it 's going to be able to learn
How can we test these tests in clinical trials ? Well , they do n't just say -- no test .
Even more . The infrastructure is already there .
You do n't have to create new societies .
And both of them are n't . It 's not the unk of experts .
So you can be able to be able to be independent .
They 're very fast , unk 30 seconds .
They 're very cheap , and we know what this means .
If it 's very cheap , you can actually do it in a huge scale .
These results are now we can do this .
We can be able to lose trouble for patients .
The patients have n't need to be working in the hospital .
We can have an open - source of data through unk .
We can use unk unk in clinical studies , and the first one of the population are going to happen .
We 've got the first time to get the first time for the disease to be seen before .
Today , we 're going to start the first step in this direction , we take the unk voice .
With unk and unk , we want to have a very high number of unk in the world , because they have enough to have to be able to have
We have unk , the unk billion people on this planet are available .
Everybody , with unk , or unk , or unk , to send a few cents , I 'm talking about joy , that we have six percent of our
Thank you .
If you look at some of us , we say , " 10,000 people , you can tell you who are they 're healthy ?
What are you going to do with all these ?
What 's happening is that the patient in the unk has to be aware of this person 's not suffering , OK .
Some of them may not be until the end .
But we 're going to have a huge code on a few different ways , which is interesting interesting , these conditions are important , because we are able to
Right ?
It 's much better .
My student students -- I have to change it because he made this fantastic work -- it has shown that it has been working on how this project , and
That 's what I call a unk .
That means that you can -- people can do with the phone and call the test of people who would call their voice , so they can be able to
Right .
Thank you . unk , ladies and gentlemen .
Thank you .
This is where I live . I live in Kenya in the south of the National Park .
In the background , you look at me from my father and the outside of the streets of the National Park .
The unk park is in the south of unk unk unk , which means that , like , the park are going to be dead .
The unk , and they follow them , and they do this .
They kill us .
This is one of us when the night was killed , and I was in the morning , and I was dead . It was terrible . It was our
My grandfather , the unk of the unk , we think that we are together with our animals and the ocean from the sky . And so , what we
As a kid , I had to hate men .
Our name is unk . It 's our unk , and our unk , they are also about because of this problem .
And kill the lions .
Here 's one of a pair of lions ; they were killed .
And I think that it 's in the national national park , we 're just like many lions .
And in my course , there 's a boy between six and nine years out of the streets of his father .
I had to find a solution .
My first idea was fire . It was a fire fire .
But then I realized that it would n't really help us , but the lions , that would be better .
But I did n't have . I went on .
I had a second idea . I tried it with a unk .
I wanted to say that the lions were coming next to me .
But lions are very special animals .
They come to see the back and go back to the next time , and they say , the thing is not really , it 's still there .
And they 're going to send them to kill us .
One night , I went to the unk , I went to the unk , and I was walking around with a unk in my hand around him , and
unk are unk from light .
I had an idea .
Even as a kid , I worked around the whole day in my room , and I even looked back to the next video of my mother , and I
I took a photo , and a unk from a unk , the show , whether you go to the right or the left side .
And I went back to a switch and take the lights and take it .
This is a little bit of unk from a unk .
And then I built all together .
This is also the battery battery , the battery battery into the unk . I call it a unk .
And the unk is unk .
You can see that the water outside the outside , because there are the lions .
And this looks like the lions , when they come .
The lights , and the lions I believe that was about the unk , and I was all the time in bed .
Thank you .
I 've been able to do this at home , and since we had no problems with lions .
And then we heard about our neighbors .
One of them was this grandmother .
They had a lot of their animals in the trees , and they asked me if they had the light .
And I said , " Yes . "
I built the lights . You can see the unk in the background .
Since , I have seven families in the neighborhood with the unk , and they were really good .
My idea is going to be in Kenya in Kenya , of course , like , or for the other side , like , or unk , the lights are
My invention took me to a high school on one of the best schools in Kenya , unk unk , and I 'm really excited .
My new school was taught to help me and unk .
I actually have my friends at home , and we 're looking at the light where we do n't have one , and I 'll show you how people use
A year ago , I was just a boy from the street , the father 's dead unk , and I looked around with me and said , " I
And here I am now .
I had to fly with an airplane , for my first grade .
If I 'm big , I 'm going to be unk , and I 'm going to get this one , my big dream .
I used to be dead . And I was in the invention of my father and the lions . And we can share together , on the side of the
unk unk . In my language . I mean , thank you very much .
You do n't know what it 's like to tell a story .
So you 've got this conference . Yes .
You have to start with other dimensions .
What is the next one ?
My third question , but I 'm working on an electrical wheel , unk ?
Yeah , I know , we have electrical electrical unk , and I want my own own .
You 've been trying to do it , right ? Yeah , I 've been trying to try it , but try to go back , because I had a
unk is very hard . Richard unk , you 're very special .
We 're going to move to every step of your unk , my friend .
Thank you . Thank you .
I 'm old enough , a camera in your hand , is my passion , but today , I want to share with you three minutes , and I do
There was no way in a unk , no unk , no longer chance you had to go back . It was n't the same light .
To be honest , most of them were unk by unk .
My story starts when I was to talk to a week in New York , and my wife took this picture , which I had my daughter in my birthday
It was a year later , we were in New York , and so we decided to do the same image again .
Well , you can see what 's going on ...
When the third of my birthday , my daughter said my wife : " Hey , why do n't you go to New York , and it 's a father
At the beginning , we started to unk unk , to take a picture of us .
You know , it 's quite amazing how the unk is when you 're looking for a completely different unk .
Nobody has never been told , and happiness is not even with our camera camera .
At the time we did n't know , like this , we could change our life .
This journey has been very cold .
This was a few weeks ago after 9/11 , and I had to explain what happened on the day , so that there was a very interesting way .
These images are more than just a unk moment , or a different journey .
They are for us to have an opportunity for a week in the last year , and the time we go to our time and how we 're going to
Because if we still do the same picture , we change our view of time in time , and they 're still new , and I can see the life
This very much time that we 're talking about it , and we 're going to have every day in every year .
unk , in a while , after we went , we went and suddenly , as soon as they face , they 're looking at a red line on a
And she told me about her emotions that they were in the same time in this place .
She said that she was looking at her as the heart of the breast , when they were nine years ago , the United States was the first time .
And now she looks in New York , because she 's not going to be in New York .
And I realized , clearly , the most important thing we 're doing all , are memories .
And so what I want to share with you with the idea is to have an active role in the unk of memory .
I do n't know what it looks like you , but they 're just like this four - dimensional images , I 'm not just unk .
I 'm always the picture .
I want to tell you about what I 'm going to do here , and you do n't want to ask someone , " Would you take a picture of
Thank you .
